"rate"|"cv_text"|"country"|"user_skills"
"55"|"Real Estate financial analyst with over ten years experience and a graduate of a top5 ranked US MBA program. Analyzed billions of dollars worth of real estate properties and projects including all major property types. Produced dynamic CRE Analytics on both Acquisition and Development transactions, for lenders and private equity firms. Currently only available for fixed price jobs. Finance, real estate, underwriting, development ,acquisition, debt, equity, excel, vba, construction, hotel, multifamily, office, retail, industrial, commercial ,mortgage  , credit, loan, model ,modelling, argus, cmbs, cre, large loan, transaction, cash flow, developer, modeler, analytical, remote, portfolio ,warehouse, vlookup, boolean ,visual basic, distressed, reo, dpo, subdivision, hospitality, loan, lender, irr, dscr, multiple, profit, projections, proforma, pro forma, noi, sensitivity, analysis, property, business plan, proposal, pitch book, presentation, template, marketing, sales, memo, memorandum, powerpoint, apartment, building, analysis, financial, affordable, housing, modeling, mall, shopping, property, valuation, limited partnership agreement, partner, distribution, lpa, gp, waterfall, lp, promote structure, project finance, phasing, roe, cash on cash, npv, cap rate, condominium, condoRead More »"|"Jamaica"|"Financial Analysis;Real Estate Modelling;Argus;Real Estate Underwriting;VBA;Microsoft Excel"
"50"|"I have over 15 years of development and implementation experience on projects ranging from small departmental applications through complex enterprise solutions in multinational corporate environments.My software and application expertise is very diverse and includes Java, Java EE, JSF, JSP/Servlets, and related frameworks and APIs including Spring, Hibernate, EclipseLink, JBoss Seam, RESTful Web Services, PrimeFaces, Lotus Notes & Domino, XPages, Visual Basic, and Crystal Reports.Beyond application development, I am skilled in... As a software engineer with over 15 years of full life cycle development experience I offer the following skills and services:Over a decade implementing complex enterprise solutions in a multinational corporate environmentsProven track record of bringing customer requirements from concept and design through the completion of the software development life cycle and longterm supportSkilled in highlevel requirements gathering, risk analysis, design documentation, application modeling, test plans, and user documentationExtensive project work creating user interfaces, designing application architecture, and performing data modelingDiverse experience with Java and related frameworks as well as various proprietary application languages and thirdparty tools and solutionsSubstantial experience working on fast paced, high stress, deadline oriented projects I have extensive knowledge of the following business processes:Customer Relationship ManagementSales Force AutomationChange ManagementProblem ManagementIncident ManagementHelp DeskHealthCare Automation SystemsMarketing SolutionsEducationAccountingEmployee ManagementHuman ResourcesITILRead More »"|"United States"|"Java;Java EE;JSF;XPages;Lotus Notes & Domino;HTML5;Javascript;SAP Crystal Reports;Microsoft SQL Server Programming;MySQL Administration"
"55"|"Real Estate financial analyst with over ten years experience and a graduate of a top5 ranked US MBA program. Analyzed billions of dollars worth of real estate properties and projects including all major property types. Produced dynamic CRE Analytics on both Acquisition and Development transactions, for lenders and private equity firms. Currently only available for fixed price jobs. Finance, real estate, underwriting, development ,acquisition, debt, equity, excel, vba, construction, hotel, multifamily, office, retail, industrial, commercial ,mortgage  , credit, loan, model ,modelling, argus, cmbs, cre, large loan, transaction, cash flow, developer, modeler, analytical, remote, portfolio ,warehouse, vlookup, boolean ,visual basic, distressed, reo, dpo, subdivision, hospitality, loan, lender, irr, dscr, multiple, profit, projections, proforma, pro forma, noi, sensitivity, analysis, property, business plan, proposal, pitch book, presentation, template, marketing, sales, memo, memorandum, powerpoint, apartment, building, analysis, financial, affordable, housing, modeling, mall, shopping, property, valuation, limited partnership agreement, partner, distribution, lpa, gp, waterfall, lp, promote structure, project finance, phasing, roe, cash on cash, npv, cap rate, condominium, condoRead More »"|"Jamaica"|"Financial Analysis;Real Estate Modelling;Argus;Real Estate Underwriting;VBA;Microsoft Excel"
"93"|"From gender, race & LGBTQIA advocacy to medical writing and much more, I create bold, authoritative content that fits your industry and your audience.These are a few of the niches where I stand above the competition. •Race, Gender & LGBTQIA Advocacy•Health & Wellness•Medical writing•Behavioral health•Addiction & Rehab Content Marketing•Personality & Social Psychology•Women & Minorityowned businesses Since March 2010 I have completed over 500 jobs. In that time, I have racked up some impressive stats: 100% of my clients recommend me My feedback is stellar I boast a solid 5star ratingThese are some of the services I provide:  Articles Web copy Social media management And moreTo start the conversation, please use the green hire me button up top.   Read More »"|"Puerto Rico"|"English;Content Marketing;Creative Writing;Elance;English Spelling;Email;English Punctuation;Translation English Spanish;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Article Writing;Addiction;Rehab Content Marketing;Advocacy Writing;Women's Rights"
"25"|"Certified Liferay Professional with a solid practical background in Liferay development and customization. More than 50 liferay projects successfully completed. Motivated, responsible and fully dedicated. Fluent english and flexible work schedule. * Liferay Portal (Tomcat/JBoss), CE/EE* Java, J2EE (EJB, JSP, Servlets, JavaBeans, JMS, JDBC), JSTL, Struts, Hibernate, JUnit, MyFaces/JSF, Tomahawk, Portlets, AJAX* Portlets (JSR 286)* Javascript, JQuery* HTML, DHTML, CSS* MySQL, Postgre, OracleRead More »"|"Ukraine"|"Liferay;Portlets;Java;J2EE;JSP;Javascript;HTML;CSS;jQuery"
"50"|"I have over 15 years of development and implementation experience on projects ranging from small departmental applications through complex enterprise solutions in multinational corporate environments.My software and application expertise is very diverse and includes Java, Java EE, JSF, JSP/Servlets, and related frameworks and APIs including Spring, Hibernate, EclipseLink, JBoss Seam, RESTful Web Services, PrimeFaces, Lotus Notes & Domino, XPages, Visual Basic, and Crystal Reports.Beyond application development, I am skilled in... As a software engineer with over 15 years of full life cycle development experience I offer the following skills and services:Over a decade implementing complex enterprise solutions in a multinational corporate environmentsProven track record of bringing customer requirements from concept and design through the completion of the software development life cycle and longterm supportSkilled in highlevel requirements gathering, risk analysis, design documentation, application modeling, test plans, and user documentationExtensive project work creating user interfaces, designing application architecture, and performing data modelingDiverse experience with Java and related frameworks as well as various proprietary application languages and thirdparty tools and solutionsSubstantial experience working on fast paced, high stress, deadline oriented projects I have extensive knowledge of the following business processes:Customer Relationship ManagementSales Force AutomationChange ManagementProblem ManagementIncident ManagementHelp DeskHealthCare Automation SystemsMarketing SolutionsEducationAccountingEmployee ManagementHuman ResourcesITILRead More »"|"United States"|"Java;Java EE;JSF;XPages;Lotus Notes & Domino;HTML5;Javascript;SAP Crystal Reports;Microsoft SQL Server Programming;MySQL Administration"
"55"|"Real Estate financial analyst with over ten years experience and a graduate of a top5 ranked US MBA program. Analyzed billions of dollars worth of real estate properties and projects including all major property types. Produced dynamic CRE Analytics on both Acquisition and Development transactions, for lenders and private equity firms. Currently only available for fixed price jobs. Finance, real estate, underwriting, development ,acquisition, debt, equity, excel, vba, construction, hotel, multifamily, office, retail, industrial, commercial ,mortgage  , credit, loan, model ,modelling, argus, cmbs, cre, large loan, transaction, cash flow, developer, modeler, analytical, remote, portfolio ,warehouse, vlookup, boolean ,visual basic, distressed, reo, dpo, subdivision, hospitality, loan, lender, irr, dscr, multiple, profit, projections, proforma, pro forma, noi, sensitivity, analysis, property, business plan, proposal, pitch book, presentation, template, marketing, sales, memo, memorandum, powerpoint, apartment, building, analysis, financial, affordable, housing, modeling, mall, shopping, property, valuation, limited partnership agreement, partner, distribution, lpa, gp, waterfall, lp, promote structure, project finance, phasing, roe, cash on cash, npv, cap rate, condominium, condoRead More »"|"Jamaica"|"Financial Analysis;Real Estate Modelling;Argus;Real Estate Underwriting;VBA;Microsoft Excel"
"93"|"From gender, race & LGBTQIA advocacy to medical writing and much more, I create bold, authoritative content that fits your industry and your audience.These are a few of the niches where I stand above the competition. •Race, Gender & LGBTQIA Advocacy•Health & Wellness•Medical writing•Behavioral health•Addiction & Rehab Content Marketing•Personality & Social Psychology•Women & Minorityowned businesses Since March 2010 I have completed over 500 jobs. In that time, I have racked up some impressive stats: 100% of my clients recommend me My feedback is stellar I boast a solid 5star ratingThese are some of the services I provide:  Articles Web copy Social media management And moreTo start the conversation, please use the green hire me button up top.   Read More »"|"Puerto Rico"|"English;Content Marketing;Creative Writing;Elance;English Spelling;Email;English Punctuation;Translation English Spanish;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Article Writing;Addiction;Rehab Content Marketing;Advocacy Writing;Women's Rights"
"25"|"Certified Liferay Professional with a solid practical background in Liferay development and customization. More than 50 liferay projects successfully completed. Motivated, responsible and fully dedicated. Fluent english and flexible work schedule. * Liferay Portal (Tomcat/JBoss), CE/EE* Java, J2EE (EJB, JSP, Servlets, JavaBeans, JMS, JDBC), JSTL, Struts, Hibernate, JUnit, MyFaces/JSF, Tomahawk, Portlets, AJAX* Portlets (JSR 286)* Javascript, JQuery* HTML, DHTML, CSS* MySQL, Postgre, OracleRead More »"|"Ukraine"|"Liferay;Portlets;Java;J2EE;JSP;Javascript;HTML;CSS;jQuery"
"39"|"I'm a specialist in: Qlikview (Business Intelligence) development and deployment. Front end & Server set up. Visual studio. VB.NET for desktop application development.. Devexpress visual components for .NET (user inferface) Development and implementation of statistical models, and processes optimization in the area of Oil, Gas and Energy.  Experience resume: Qlikview deployment carried out under team work for complex analysis in the Sweden pharmaceutical area. Qlikview development to show information about Energy simulations and optimizations. Reservoir and generators dispatch, fuel consumption, comparison with reality, statistical analysis of different scenarios, stock evolutions, etc. Development of energy models for long and short term dispatch optimization of power in the Argentinian Electricity Market (Unit commitment). Implementation made with FICO XPRESS as optimization tool, and VB.net and DevExpress for user interface. More than 100.000 equations and variables are used in each model. Modeling of chemical processes in order to optimize the production, handling and dispensing tanks products. Statistical modeling of continuous processes for anomaly detection and diagnosis of these. Modeling using Principal Component analysis (PCA), Partial least Square (PLS) and Hotelling.Specialties:  Expert programming with Qlikview,  VB.NET, DevExpress (desktop) and Matlab. Advance programming with Excel (VBA) and Fortran. Oil, Gas, Energy, Logistics. Linear Optimization, GLPK, XPRESS, quadratic. Multivariate statistical tools, primarily PCA, PLS and Hotteling. Interpretation of P&I, electrical drawings and SCADA.Read More »"|"Argentina"|"QlikTech QlikView;Qlikview;DevExpress;Operations Research;Microsoft Visual Studio;Statistics;.NET Framework;Application Programming;MATLAB;Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)"
"250"|"https://prezi.com/edr7wym3wty1/lawrencesfullscreendatascienceprezume/I am a high value, high quality data scientist whose passion is helping people leverage analytics to solve their toughest problems.  Young, energetic, but surprisingly experienced, I've assisted industry leaders such as $ALL and $JNJ gain deep insight into their customer segments, built algorithms that have served as the core workhorse for the minimum viable product of two startups, and have completed countless analysis and modeling tasks for small businesses and... Check out some of the cool stuff I've done:Completed several market segmentation studies that resulted in distinct customer profiles which were used to drive product feature selection and targeted marketing campaigns.Developed a formula that determines what social media share results are displayed on a user's private news feed as a function of the location, interaction history, relationship with the post's author, content type and time stamp.Fitted a HoltWinters Exponential Smoothing model onto individualized NBA player data to make next game predictions for points scored, rebounds and assists.Derived a modified ELO rating  system to create weekly NFL Power Rankings.  The rankings were able to achieve 57% accuracy in predicting the winners for the first 6 weeks of the 2013 season.Collected data on entrepreneurs and pitches for the first 5 seasons of Shark Tank to perform a meta analysis on who walks away with the best deals and from who.Mined text to determine how customer company interactions affected app conversion rates.Completed a word count across 5,000,000 rows using simple, efficient vectorized code in R.Designed a mobile game economy determining prices for in shop items.Statistical analysis on a Casino database to better understand when customers visit, what games they play, and how to increase revenue and reduce cost by replacing unprofitable games.Implemented a detection algorithm that extracts sentiment and emotion from text using a scored...Read More »"|"United States"|"Statistics;Data Science;Data Strategy;Management Consulting;Data Modeling"
"20"|"I'm a web developer in Serbia with 6 years of experience in the industry. I was worked in older frameworks, but nowadays I work with Zend Framework on a large scale web applications. When i have free time i develop my Cms with Zend Framework which I use as a core in my projects. The technologies I use for creating web applications: HTML(5), CSS(3) JavaScript, jQuery PHP, Zend Framework, Smarty, CodeIgniter mySQL Windows, Linux SVN, GIT, Sourcetree SEO (search engine optimisation)Read More »"|"Serbia"|"PHP5;jQuery;Javascript;MySQL Administration;HTML;HTML5;CSS;DHTML;Css3;Search Engine Optimization (SEO)"
"55"|"I'm a multiplatform (Windows, Linux, MacOSX, Android), multilanguage (C/C++/C#/Java) developer in the areas of computer vision, image processing, video encoding/decoding, 3D graphics and general multimedia applications. I have a PhD in Information Sciences and Technologies, field of Computer Graphics and Multimedia. To date, I've won 6 awards, participated in more than 40 international and national (Portugal) projects, have performed 20 communications in international and national (Portugal) conferences, 9 journal publications, 3 books... Multiplatform (Windows, Linux, MacOSX, Android), multilanguage (C/C++/C#/Java) developer in the areas of computer vision, image processing, video encoding/decoding, 3D graphics and general multimedia applications. I've worked extensively with the following libraries and technologies: OpenCV, libAV (ffmpeg), libVLC, FreeImage, Gandalf, QT, ImageMagick, DirectX/DirectShow, MFCs, OpenGL and OpenAL.Read More »"|"Portugal"|"C++;English;C#;FFMPEG;Video Transcoding;Microsoft Visual Studio;QT;XCode;SQL Programming;Java"
"38"|"Over the last 8 years, I have developed wide range of websites using PHP, MyQL, GNU/Linux and Apache.I am  committed to provide my innovative services in the field of web development.For the last 5 years I have been providing ELearning development/design services to various universities and institutes using Moodle, Joomla and Jomsocial.Moodle services:Course FormatMoodle Core Customization.Theme development.Creating new modules and Plugins.Course/SCROM developmentJoomla services:Theme Development.CustomizationsNew... Areas Of Expertise: MOODLEJOOMLAWORDPRESSPrestashopVirtuemart XML PHP CSS Java JavaScript JQuery Xsl HTML DHTMLRead More »"|"Pakistan"|"Moodle Developer;Moodle;Moodle Expert;learning management systems;e-learning;Joomdle;Joomla!;PHP5;CSS"
"45"|"I have been developing iOS apps for 2009 , so, it's been 6 years.So, I know most of technology of iOS (to iOS8) and I am very familiar with some of them.So, I have developed 30 apps from scratch for 6 years and most of them is on the itunes.And I can lead multiple coders to complete any mobile projects. My UI/UX experience will contiributes to making Awesome apps. 1. iPhone, iPad, iWatch ,Backend API programming2. CoreData, CoreGraphics programming3. iCloud, CloudKit, HealthKit porgramming4.UI Design from Mockup or PSD file5. UX design 6. Overall Architecture design of iOS Apps7. Swift Programming8. Android, Windows programming9. WordPress, Shopify, Droplet, Amazon web service.10.GitHub,Bitbucket support.Read More »"|"China"|"iPhone App Development;iPhone SDK;iPad App Development;Swift;Objective-C;WatchKit;iOS 6;iOS Development"
"16"|"A team of mobile apps geeks. We now have taken up a journey to make things simple for those who want their ideas to be created and published on the mobile  Our services include :     iPhone/iPad (iOS) Application development : We have been creating apps for the  iPhone and iPad platform for over three years and have more than a 200 apps under our belt.     iPhone/iPad (iOS) Application design: With our vast experience and also our approach in having really simple but intuitive UX experiences we try to bring the best design out for our clients     Android Application development: We are well versed with porting iOS applications and games on the android platforms as well.     Application design: We have cultivated a team of highly skilled designers who design apps which give a total wow factor on both Android devices and tablets.    Backend Application development:  We have a strong team which supports backend development as well as most of the mobile applications being dependent on a stable backend platform.Read More »"|"India"|"iOS 7;Android;iOS 6;iPhone App Development;Java;OOPS;Mac OSX Administration;Objective C;iOS Development"
"33"|"More than 10 year experiences in MetaTrader, NinjaTrader,StrategyTrader, TradeStation, MultiChart, Interactive Brokers, ForexTester, JForex, FIX protocol, ThinkOrSwim,MathLab  Develop forex trading expert advisors for MT4/5, NinjaTrader, Dukascopy, JForex, TradeStation, StrategyTrader, MultiChart, ForexTester,ThinkOrSwim Develop financial applications: stock screeners, stock analysis Develop applications and websites in variety of different technologies: PHP,.NET Interactive Brokers, FIX protocol, MathLab, Algorithm Trade CopiersRead More »"|"Vietnam"|"NinjaTrader;TradeStation;C++"
"30"|"*10 years experience of web application analysis, design, develop and implementation*6 years experience of database design and development*CoFounder of 55tuan.com which is one of the most popular group buying website in China*Strong background working with clients and internal supports to identify requirements, provide analysis, assist with creatingcustomized workflow and develop implementation timelines*Great communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills=============================================================1. Once... Skill Sets:===============1. Master. Net Framework architecture and ASP.Net, C # technology(8 years+)2. Master  JavaScript, Node.js(10 years+ for JS) 3. Master MongoDB,PostgreSQL,Redis.(3 years+)4. Master Angular.js,Bootstrap(each for 2 years+)5.Master iOS, Android (2 years+)6. Master Swift(apple Inc.) (1 year)7. Golang (1 year+)Service Offered:===============    My custom development solutions are designed to fit my clients business requirements, to help them achieve their organizational goals and objectives. Focusing on quality Web, Mobile applications development  at low costs and serving a base of highly satisfied clients across the Globe.    I offer you for website development and mobile development. I have been experienced strongly with Web application development and great skill set for customization and providing assured quality service for you.    Also in Android Phone Apps Development ,iPhone Apps Development and Windows Phone Apps Development, I have been experienced in these.Read More »"|"China"|"C#;MongoDB;Javascript;Node.js;AngularJS;Redis"
"38"|"Over 25 years of sales experience of which over 18 years specializing in B2B sales reaching High Level Executives, C Level Executives, attorneys, managing partners of large firms, owner, founder, CEO's of businesses, insurance agents, financial planners, financial advisers mortgage brokers and import, distribution, wholesale in floral industry nationwide. I have attended many sales seminars (e.g. Brian Tracy`s Psychology of Sales and Zig Ziglar just to name a few) have excellent closing and follow up skills and truly love my career as an... My strength, worth and expertise lies in generating revenue for a Company by acquiring new customers continually prospecting via Cold, Warm or Hot Leads, upselling and or maintaining existing ones through the following proven skills:Polished, Seasoned and Proven Sales Professional.Ability to deliver a pitch naturally and with precision without sounding scripted.Effective at delivering the Front, Drive and Close of a Pitch.High Energy and Enthusiasm.Heavy Outbound Calling.A Knack for getting past the Gatekeeper.Able to identify and reach Decision Maker, relay value and benefit of product or service and close the deal.Excellent and Fearless Closer.Expert in Engaging clients and Building Rapport for Maximum results.Professional at ALL Times.I strive to be a consistent top producer and exceed set expectations and take great pride when I meet or exceed a client`s expectations.I have been very fortunate to work with a few companies that have paid for various sales seminars throughout my career and I have taken full advantage of that education and knowledge in applying those skills not only for success in sales but in life.* Whether you are looking for a one call closer, a sales professional to grow, nurture and manage a book of business or a fearless cold caller, I know I can apply these skills to increase your revenue! *I am money motivated and prefer projects that offer commission/bonus along with a Fixed Price/ Base.I work very hard for my...Read More »"|"United States"|"Sales;Telemarketing;Cold-Calling;Lead Generation;Account Management;Phone Support;English Spelling;English;Spanish;Business Development"
"33"|"I can get the job done right, the first time! A seasoned professional with 13+ years experience. I have extensive experience in high tech companies holding both production and marketing positions. My marketing experience spans social media, publishing, ad design and sales. I have also held sales and technology positions within the real estate service industry. BS in Business, with a Concentration in Marketing I have 12+years of experience in marketing, sales and public relations. Past job experience includes the following: Social media (YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn, etc.), real estate, marketing, website content writing, blog writing, brand strategy, launching a new brand/ product. A PR expert with emphasis in business/marketing plan design and implementation, effective product positioning, media planning, marketing campaign management, experience in crowdfunding campaigns, training applications, market research, lead generation, software quality assurance, newspaper production, ad sales, direct mail planning, script writing, screenplay writing experience and market segmentation planning. I pride myself on quality work done in a timely matter and am always available to answer questions. High attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills, hardworking, excellent organizational skills, works independently, strong written and verbal communication skills.Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blogging;Business Writing;Copywriting;Ghostwriting;Newsletter Writing;Online Writing;Press Release Writing;Proposal Writing;Report Writing"
"30"|"I have over five years of experience as a freelance writer working for various clients. I am also a staff writer for Coquí Prose. No topic is out of bounds for me. I have written on education, science, pets, business, personal finance, classic cars, food, travel, and much more. I also have experience integrating SEO terms in a seamless manner. In addition to writing, I run a pet sitting business. My previous day job was as a high school science teacher and I hold a master's degree in chemistry."|"United States"|"English;Microsoft Access Administration;Academic Writing;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Ghostwriting;English Punctuation"
"60"|"I am a bestselling author of eleven books and have been writing professionally for over ten years. I write novels in a number of genres (comedy, horror, suspense, fantasy) and short stories in all genres. I also have an abundance of experience writing articles, news, content, reviews, descriptions and blogs on a wide variety of topics.I have picked up a few tricks along the way and, as well as writing your book, I can also help you publish it and promote it. I provide creative writing services, from Ghostwriting to Content Writing and everything in between. I can also offer help with ebook marketing. Samples of my work are available on request.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Creative Writing;Article Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Copywriting;Online Writing;Blogging;English;Email;Content Writing;Writing;Sales Writing;English Spelling;Internet Marketing"
"44"|"Ultimately it's true for any artist, writer or composer...that we are our own product. So anything I say here to further induce you is moot, until you discover who I really am and what I can do for you. So, let's start here and now: resume and website!O.K. We both know that resumes are mostly boilerplateMine is not. If you truly want to find out all about me You can go to my website: www.robertjosephahola.com/Go to About Robert and draw down on Resumé Or just click on (or copy and paste) this link: this link:... Four things about me tell everything: 1) I'm a very quick study. I'm really fun to work with. And I never miss a deadline. 2) I know which questions to ask, and will challenge you with fresh thinking and original concepts you never thought of before. 3) I love pressure. It restores me and rewards you. So bring it on. I'm available 24/7. And I promise you I will exceed expectations. My credo is simple: Success takes more than just thinking outside the box. It means first defining the box  and then building one of our own that is so very original it will redefine the genre. That's what making impact is all about...courage and imagination—the perfect cocktail! Let's do more than bring out a product or a service. Let's make history. Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;Brand Consulting;Screenwriting;Journalism Writing;Copywriting;Editing;Englsh;WordPress"
"50"|"If you're seeking highquality, relevant, interesting and informative health, fitness or nutrition texts that are also sciencebased and accurate, look no further!Nutrition is a passion of mine  in fact, this is why I became a registered dietitian in the first place! With so much information out there, it's sometimes hard to see the forest from the trees. I take great pleasure in efficiently translating sciencebased nutrition information into interesting and easy to understand texts which have the ability to drive traffic and reach as... I am a Canadianregistered dietitian, now living in the Netherlands, and hold a Bachelor's Degree in Dietetics, a major in Psychology as well as a Masters Degree in Sport Nutrition. In addition, I have a varied portfolio of work experiences, including: Nutrition counselling,  Research & development of medical nutrition products,  Scientific / medical writing,  Provision of professional written content for nutrition conferences, bogs and print publications. My particular combination of skills and varied work experiences makes me versatile in the nutrition field. This allows me to research and write on a variety of topics, catering to your specific needs. I am particularly effective at vulgarizing scientific information to make it more accessible to the general public. In addition, I work particularly well with short deadlines and am regularly described as communicative with a developed ability to integrate feedback into my work output.My aim is to deliver relevant and interesting content that will drive traffic and provide visibility. I'd be more than happy to discuss how my professional expertise can be of benefit to your projects via either Elance or email.Read More »"|"Netherlands"|"Scientific Writing;Scientific Research;Nutrition;Microsoft Word;French;Ghostwriting;Content Writing"
"55"|"Founded by Michael Barton in 2011, MBWS Limited offers a unique experience to clients. As an individual writer on the Elance Platform, MBWS is ranked in the top ten of all freelance writers on the Elance platform. The company is ranked in the top ten of all freelance writing companies on the Elance platform.MBWS Limited uses only writers who are specialists in their particular field. Career and life experience, as well as honed research skills, puts each one in prime position to write the informed quality copy that our clients deserve.Michael has (probably) the most comprehensive investment background of all writers on the Elance platform. Two decades of global financial markets, buy and sell side across multiple instruments, are augmented with 5 years personal financial advice experience.Subject Specialists at MBWS Limited all have equally distinguished backgrounds in their individual fields of expertise. Founded in 2011 by Michael Barton, MBWS Limited provides quality content creation and related writing services for clients that expect the very best from their freelance workforce.The company’s writers are handpicked for their career and life experience that satisfies the exacting requirements to be considered a subject specialist in their particular field of expertise. We also insist on a work ethic that will enhance the client experience: we care about the reputation of the client and, in turn, our reputation. Apart from subject specialisation, our writers are not only jobbing writers but also have a passion for the art: many are published or about to be, and/or have been/ are journalists.We will never take on a project that we believe to be out of the scope of one of our subject specialists. This means that we will only ever make a proposal where we know we will give the client the very best work possible.The company bids on projects on behalf of its subject specialists only if he or she wishes to take a project on. This means that a client knows the writer at MBWS Limited cares about the project from the outset, and the work will benefit for this.All proposals and accepted projects are controlled by Michael, which means that a client has one point of contact for queries and questions. However, we also realise that some projects call for direct contact with a writer and we allow this also. Flexibility of approach is one of the key features of our service....Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Article Writing;Blog Writing;Blogging;Book Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;English Grammar;English Spelling;Fiction Writing;Financial Writing;Ghostwriting;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Short Story Writing"
"10"|"Collaborating with SEO companies for over 5 years, I've gained a huge experience in writing and research. I can write quality content on most topics, and for almost any purpose. If you are looking for website content, blog posts, creative writing, press releases, amazon/ebay product descriptions, or anything else related to writing, I’m the person you can rely on. In addition to that, I have a lot of experience in WordPress, SEO (keyword research, onpage analysis, linkbuilding), and social media marketing. I always provide high quality service taking into account all the requirements my clients have. The content I provide is easytoread, informative, unique (pass Copyscape), and delivered in time.Read More »"|"Ukraine"|"Copywriting;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Ghostwriting;Translation Russian English;Content Writing;Business Writing;English-Russian Translation;English-Ukrainian Translation;Google Webmaster Central;Google Analytics;Ukrainian;Translation Ukrainian English"
"47"|"Licensed, awardwinning physical therapist.Aren't you tired of redoing the work you hired out? A 5 star average: \"Wow! Amazed at the quality of your work Andrea! I'm adding you to my list of top notch writers/researchers for future projects. Thanks again for such an impeccable job.\" (1/9/15)Grantwriter, National Swimming Pool FoundationGrantwriter, Aquatic Therapy UniversityFreelance writer x 20 years with > 600 articles to datePhysical therapist. Awardwinning.Managing editor. Physical therapy journal, 3 yearsAs adjunct faculty... My specialty? Transforming medical, educational and rehabilitation facts into pithy, imminently readable information for the rest of the world. I speak you.I specialize in creating evidencebased training manuals, healthrelated grant applications, continuing education material, and seminars. My expertise includes:Academic WritingArticle WritingBusiness WritingGrant WritingMedical WritingTesting and Exam CreationWeb ContentBrief highlights:Over 600 solicited articles in printAward winning physical therapist, American Physical Therapy Association Aquatic Therapy Professional of the YearPaid monthly columnist for 3 magazinesAdjunct faculty, St. Catherine UniversityRehab director, Regions Hospital therapeutic poolGrant writer, Aquatic Therapy University/National Swimming Pool FoundationKey words: grant writing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, rehabilitation, education, exercise, fitness, aquatic therapy, medical writingRead More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Technical Writing;Physical Therapy;Ghostwriting;Medical Writing;Business Writing;Grant Writing;Journalism Writing;English;English Spelling"
"22"|"Professional writer specializing in, but not limited to, creative, article, and educational writing.  I am a native English speaker with a very diverse resume and writing skills that will prove valuable to you as an employer or contractor.  I am very professional and looking to work.   I am a strong communicator and am on Elance daily, ready to respond and deliver superb work within reasonable deadlines.I am an extremely detailoriented person who is willing and ready to tailor my skills and abilities to your specific instructions and... Prior services I have offered to clients:Short storiesMovie reviewsMusic reviewsLesson plansProofreading/EditingLiterary analysisEditorialsArticlesPop culture piecesQuizzes and pollsSpeechesEbooksSpecialties:Creative writingTelevision & filmNostalgic pop cultureBeer, wine, and spiritsEducation & career servicesRomance writingOther areas of proven success:Relationship counselingLifestyleTravel blogsEntertainment news and editorializingSkills/Qualities:ReliableProfessionalUniqueFriendly/PersonableCreativeFunnyRead More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Academic Writing;English;Article Writing;English Grammar;English Spelling;Ghostwriting;Comedy Writing;Content Writing;Article Rewriting;Bartending;Biography Writing;Blog Writing;Blogging;Book Writing"
"27"|"As a freelance professional with a degree in history and economics,  I write financial blogs, business articles and website content. In the past, I have worked as a ghostwriter for spirituality and business leadership. My current freelance clients include professionals in real estate, finance, religion, travel and global leadership coaching. I also do Spanish and Italian translations.   I put 100% effort into each job and assignment I carry out. I write for the client, so I am always open to new ideas and will do revisions until each piece is perfect. I primarily write articles on science, real estate, finance, spirituality and travel. When it comes to fiction, most of my work has centered around romance novels. Although I have focused on these subjects in the past, I am always open to learning new things for new project types. When you work with me, you can expect: Two revision requests with each project Projects submitted on the deadline Continuous communication A highquality of writingIn return, I ask for the escrow account to be funded before beginning because it   makes my side of the business safer.  Once the project is complete, you have one month to ask for revisions and complete the payment process. Read More »"|"United States"|"Financial Writing;English;Article Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Translation Spanish English;Academic Writing;Ghostwriting"
"16"|"I have over 15 years experience as both an editor and writer for the children's sector. I have produced work for a wide range of publications and clients, including; preschool picture books, gaming guides for games such as Skylanders and numerous stories for Disney/Pixar publications amongst others. Writing for children is my passion and I would love the opportunity to work with you on your projects."|"United Kingdom"|"Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;Children's Writing"
"25"|"I have published many novels, short stories, and articles for pay in many genre. I have a Masters degree in education and taught for sixteen years before becoming a writer full time."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;Ghostwriting;Article Writing"
"19"|"I am a novelist, poet, and visual artist. You can find my poetry in Poetry Quarterly, GTK Creative Journal, Oddville Press, and {m}aganda Magazine. I have recently completed the booklength project, Saint Agnes of South Street, and I am in the early stages of a collection of essays on New York City dance culture.  100% Original work.I always meet my deadlines.I can produce strong work with a detailed outline, limited outline, or no outline. I excel in character development with fun, magnetic, quirky characters, and snappy dialogue. I am happy to work with changes and edits per the client's request. Read More »"|"United States"|"Ghostwriting;Fiction Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;ebook Writing;English;English Spelling"
"22"|"Experience matters. I have been working as a freelance health and medical writer for over 12 years. I am also a licensed respiratory therapist working parttime at a trauma center in California for the past 11 years. Additionally, I am a former EMT and ACE certified personal trainer. My medical background has provided me with additional insight when writing. I am happy to provide articles, web content, blog writing and press releases.  I have extensive experience writing for websites, newspapers and magazines. I have written hundreds of... As a licensed medical professional, I bring additional and relevant experience to my writing. My medical licenses includes EMT and currently I am licensed by the state of California as a respiratory therapist. I am also certified in neonatal life support and pediatric life support.  In addition to my clinical medical licenses, I am also a former licensed personal trainer by the America Council on Exercise. I started my writing career by taking a writing for publication class to fulfill my communication requirements for my B.S. degree. I wrote my first query letter to a national women's magazine. It was accepted, published, and I was hooked. Since that time, I have been published hundreds of times in print and online. I am versatile when it comes to the type of writing I have done. From medical articles, to press releases and even jingles for a local radio station in Scranton PA. When you love what you do, it hopefully shows in your commitment to do the job well. It also makes coming to work each day easy. That and the fact I have a five second commute to my desk.  I am happy to provide you with the writing you need.  Read More »"|"United States"|"Health Writing;Medical Article Writing;Content Writing;Nursing;Blog Writing;Physical Fitness;First aid;Wellness Artilces;Career Writing;Content Management;Ghostwriting;Forum Posting;Newsletter Writing;Press Release Writing;Article Writing"
"30"|"I have a unique skill set that sets me apart from other candidates. I have over 9 years experience working in the education industry in various capacities. I have extensive experience creating with various types of writing from creating elearning scripts, inperson training materials, curriculum development to nonfiction and children's writing. I have a B.S. in Forensic Science & Chemistry, an M.B.A., and am pursuing a M.A. in Instructional Systems Development with a focus on teaching Adult Learners. In addition, I have over 10,000 clock... I have experience creating content for a wide variety of courses. I have helped companies create employee training materials as well as created teacher training courses from scratch. For the National Early Childhood Teacher Training Assoc (NECTTA) I have created several online courses varying in length from 2 hours to 45 hours. I have created business courses for the Saylor Foundation and have extensive experience creating assessments on various topics using the Kirkpatrick model of evaluations. I have an extremely quick turnaround and can create a 3 hour online course within 1 week. My expertise is in multiple topic areas including: business, education, curriculum development, academic writing, and science/math teaching. I have taught preparatory science and math courses (including standardized test like the SAT, ACT, GRE, and GED) to children and collegeseeking adults and have created material to support those courses.On elance, my experience has been just as varied. I have created elearning scripts for Customs agents in Australia, compiled training materials for corporate consultants, created Security training modules, and had my hand at creating SAT, Math, and Science questions for online preparatory companies.Read More »"|"United States"|"Web Copy;Ghostwriting;Academic Writing;Common Core Standards;Curriculum Developer;Instructional Designer;Science Questions"
"46"|"Testing out in the top 1% for Article Writing/Blogging and the top 5% for Academic Writing shows my versatility. I'm a nativeborn US citizen based in New England. My Elance projects have ranged from creative fiction writing for children, product reviews and descriptions, and articles on a host of topics including personal development, leadership theory and practice, conducting research, art and artists, exhibits and theme parks, travel, politics, environmental and sustainability issues, and much more. With four years of doctoral studies... Writing of all types, but especially website/blog content articles, academic writing, ebooks, speeches and more. I have highly developed Internet research skills that allow me to write knowledgeably on just about any topic (see my portfolio for samples). My editing services will take your alreadywritten material and polish it to a high shine.Read More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Academic Writing;English;Speech Writing;Creative Writing;Report Writing;Blogging;Resume Writing;Editing;English Spelling;Advertising;English Punctuation;Grant Writing;English Grammar;Travel Writing"
"47"|"Licensed, awardwinning physical therapist.Aren't you tired of redoing the work you hired out? A 5 star average: \"Wow! Amazed at the quality of your work Andrea! I'm adding you to my list of top notch writers/researchers for future projects. Thanks again for such an impeccable job.\" (1/9/15)Grantwriter, National Swimming Pool FoundationGrantwriter, Aquatic Therapy UniversityFreelance writer x 20 years with > 600 articles to datePhysical therapist. Awardwinning.Managing editor. Physical therapy journal, 3 yearsAs adjunct faculty... My specialty? Transforming medical, educational and rehabilitation facts into pithy, imminently readable information for the rest of the world. I speak you.I specialize in creating evidencebased training manuals, healthrelated grant applications, continuing education material, and seminars. My expertise includes:Academic WritingArticle WritingBusiness WritingGrant WritingMedical WritingTesting and Exam CreationWeb ContentBrief highlights:Over 600 solicited articles in printAward winning physical therapist, American Physical Therapy Association Aquatic Therapy Professional of the YearPaid monthly columnist for 3 magazinesAdjunct faculty, St. Catherine UniversityRehab director, Regions Hospital therapeutic poolGrant writer, Aquatic Therapy University/National Swimming Pool FoundationKey words: grant writing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, rehabilitation, education, exercise, fitness, aquatic therapy, medical writingRead More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Technical Writing;Physical Therapy;Ghostwriting;Medical Writing;Business Writing;Grant Writing;Journalism Writing;English;English Spelling"
"40"|"First impressions last a lifetime. What impression do you make on people who stumble your way? As a seniorlevel copywriter, I offer a complete solution to help you connect to your audience. TESTIMONIALS“As in every job to date, RC demonstrated a terrific combination of creativity, diligence and responsiveness while adhering to budget. Will definitely work with him again and again.”“As always, RC has delivered high quality content with a fast turnaround. Highly recommended!”“Probably the best content writer we have ever come across on... My expertise in a variety of content development areas speaks directly to the 21st century consumer. No longer are we just committed toward one medium (radio, TV, newspapers). The 21st century consumer scours the internet for anything and everything that catches his eye and answers the question \"What's in it for me?\"I offer any and all of my services, separately and as combinations (for example, many clients request a logo design and written tagline, or web content and layout design). I have included an extensive portfolio here, yet my personal portfolio is sure to have the most uptodate information. I can send you this portfolio upon request. Please also note that I have more samples to offer, if you're looking for something more specific toward your project needs.  SERVICE DESCRIPTION  WRITING SERVICESWEB PAGES | BLOGS | SCREENPLAYS (For promotional videos, commercials, YouTube spots, testimonials, and more) | SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT | CROWDFUNDING CAMPAIGNS | SERPS | NEWSLETTERS | PRESS RELEASES | TAGLINES | EMAIL CAMPAIGNS | ADS & MARKETING MATERIALSWEB DESIGN:I create customized websites  typically on WordPress using the Genesis Framework   that are functionally flawless and visually striking. Websites are created exactly to the client's specifications. My background in writing and graphic design allows me to create an entire site for you if you wish, or integrate your existing content. If you prefer the \"premade template approach,\" not a...Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;WordPress;Article Writing;Copywriting;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Online Writing;Web Design;Screenwriting;Press Release Writing;Script Writing;Grant Writing;Graphic Design;Logo Design;English;Social Media Marketing"
"15"|"I am a classically trained microbiologist with a broad background in biology, possessing a Bachelor's degree in biology and liberal arts and a Ph.D. in microbiology.  I have authored or prepared more than 20 manuscripts for peerreviwed journals with high impact factors.  I have experience writing grants for NIH and independent funding agencies.  I also have 5 years experience editing documents for publications prepared by nonnative English speakers.  I am adept at correcting grammar, flow, consistency, and language without altering meaning..."|"United States"|"Bachelor's degree in Biology;Ph.D. in Microbiology;2.5 years post-doctoral research experience;publications in peer-reviewed journals;Grant Writing;Technical Writing;Editing;English;Academic Writing;Copy Editing"
"27"|"I have a PhD and am a researcher with extensive experience in survey research, qualitative and quantitative data analysis, academic writing and data dissemination, and grant writing.  I rated top 20% for editing, copy editing, and Microsoft Word.  Additionally, I rated top 30% for grant writing, academic writing, and Microsoft Excel.  "|"United States"|"Microsoft Excel;Grant Writing;Academic Writing;Microsoft Word;Research Papers;NVIVO Content Analysis;UCINET Social Network Analysis;SurveyMonkey;Survey Design;Editing;Copy Editing;Microsoft PowerPoint;Research;IBM SPSS;Stata"
"71"|"I am a UK based freelancer specialising in medical and pharmaceutical research and copywriting. I work with a range of clients at different stages of their projects, whether it be scoping out a large research project or the final stage editorial process. However you choose to work, and whatever size your project, I offer a professional, diligent service, adding value through deep subject knowledge, meticulous research skills, and a commitment to developing a clear understanding of your needs.I have worked for a range of big name clients... I provide the following services.Healthcare Research*Evidence reviews for journal articles, theses, academic professionals, and individual businesses (inc. systematic reviews, metaanalysis, desktop and library research, conducting interviews, reporting from conferences or meetings)Topical writing *Opeds on contemporary health, social care, and medical current affairs* Health and Social Care Practice, Policy and Strategy* Public Health, Current Affairs and Public / Social Policy* Grant and Proposal Writing / Consulting* Speeches and lectures for scientific meetings, conferences and symposia* Assisting ESL / EAL clients (research, writing and spoken word)Specific Documents*Websites*Elearning training materials*Digital content*Patient information*Professional education*Newsletters*Media materials*Toolkits*Reports*Interviews*Case studies*Supplements*Meeting reports*Magazines *Policy briefs*Proposals*Annual reportsI am also a published academic author and can provide advice on editing, developmental editing, and compliance with journal guidelines and criteria. I regularly proof, develop and translate documents for a range of healthcare professionals who speak English as a second language and are looking to publish in the US or UK. I can write copy from scratch or join you halfway through a project if you don't have the time or can't see the wood for the trees. I am a fully qualified PRINCE2 / MSP (Managing Successful Programmes) practitioner...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Content Writing;Copy Editing;English;Academic Writing;Medical Writing;Medical Editing;Grant Writing;Business Planning;Proposal Writing;Transcription"
"15"|"*Top 350 Elance Freelancers as of September 2015*Ranging from creative writing and editing to grant proposals and reviews, my experience in writing stems from years of rigorous English classes and internships in writingintensive fields.  I have written medical reports on cancers common in children, obtained funding for a nonprofit dance company thanks to my grant proposals, guestwritten for Yakezie.com, a major personal finance and lifestyle website, and analyzed the Bible on an online blog.My full resume can be found on LinkedIn. My skills are based around efficient editing and proofreading. I am experienced in each step of the writing process, from reviewing the work of others to writing something of my own from prompts.  I am especially helpful in eliminating redundancy and making each word hold weight in a sentence.  I can assist you with polishing drafts, writing papers, finding the proper tone, and eliminating grammar and punctuation errors.Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Academic Writing;English;Content Writing;English Punctuation;English Proofreading;Creative Writing;Technical Writing;Resume Writing;Grant Writing"
"30"|"I have several years experience as a Director/Executive Director of Not for Profit Organizations. During this time I completed countless funding proposals, reports, financial reports, budgets/forecasting, HR Policies, manuals, evaluation and more. Furthermore, I have worked in several levels of positions, from Coordinator, Office Manager, and Accountant to Program Manager, Consultant and Executive Director. I am highly versatile and able to complete any task assigned to me. I am an exceptional typist, a whiz at spreadsheets and have a very... Currently in the top 1% of freelancers on Elance, I am a passionate and versatile writer and administrator. I previously worked with YWCA Halifax where I began in the role of Manager of Youth and Community Development Programs. My commitment to the field, strong leadership skills and capacity to successfully manage complex change was recognized to such a degree that I was promoted less than six months later to Director of Child, Youth and Family Programs. As Director, I was responsible for a million dollar budget and I played an integral role in securing funding for several of the programs that are still running today. I successfully managed considerable change within a dynamic department, including the development, planning, organizing, and evaluation of programs, human resource management, growing and evolving the department to best meet community needs. I motivated staff to build a cohesive team environment that ensured staff members became passionate about the mission, vision, and values of the organization. Additionally, I strategically planned all levels of the operation by completing extensive business plans and then executing those plans to translate a vision into positive programming. I have been recognized for my effective communication and interpersonal skills while working with community stakeholders to maximize the presence of the YWCA message in the Halifax community.From 1999 to 2006, I worked for a notforprofit First Nations organization focused on...Read More »"|"Canada"|"Academic Writing;Article Writing;Children's Writing;Cover Letter Writing;Editing;English;English Grammar;Essay Writing;Grant Writing;Literature Review;Proofreading;Proposal Writing;Report Writing;Research Papers;Resume Writing"
"28"|"I am an experienced journalist, translator, researcher and freelance writer fromthe greater Tel Aviv area. As an experienced wordsmith, who loves the challenge of creating magic with letters, words and sentences, I bring to your project knowledge and experience gained from writing and editing dozens of articles and blog posts. I also have a wealth of experience writing in academic  contexts.I love to find Information, even if I have to travel very  far away to get it.In more recent times I have become a Wikipedia specialist and have... Since I know that screaming and shouting won't help, I developed other proven ways to get my readers’ attention and will use them to increase the visibility of your name, brand or company. Because It's not what you write, It's what they read . As an experienced researcher, I will perform the necessary online research, document review, personal interviews, or other research needed to complete the assigned work. As an experienced writer and translator, I know how to create a wellwritten piece that can propel the reader to act. Whether that be to buy, to give, to volunteer, or to change behavior.Whenever I undertake a writing project my goal is to organize the content of your articles, blog posts, press releases, Newsletters or product reviews into flowing and structured narrative that is intuitive to the reader. I strive to exceed expectations with every project I undertake and do my best to make your piece clean and free of errors. I enjoy making your content shine through. My writing style is creative, captivating and fresh. I am thrilled to work with businesses, nonprofit organizations, individuals, and other authors alike, and looking forward to help you with your writing needs. I will make sure that your content is relevant, interesting and with unique meaning. Let me surprise you with my wide ranging skills in areas like creative writing and research.Read More »"|"Israel"|"Microsoft Word;English;Content Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;Academic Writing;Grant Writing;Technical Writing;Resume Writing;Organizational Behavior;Market Research;Customer Service;Email"
"25"|"I specialize in corporate and marketing strategy consulting for large and SMEs, as well as business writing encompassing market research, business plan, academic writing, and grant/proposal writing.  My portfolio of clients include SMEs in consumer products, nonprofit organizations, and market research providers.  Having graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Engineering and Master's in MBA,  I have gained extensive work experience in research, manufacturing, postsecondary, and international commerce industry.Skills: Project management,... Business PlanGrant ProposalMarket Research ReportConsulting ReportBusiness ProposalAcademic WritingRead More »"|"Canada"|"Business Planning;Grant Writing;Financial Forecasting"
"33"|"Published author of \"Lily Laughs\", January 2015 by Steel Swan PublishingAn energetic writer looking to take on projects that utilize a variety of skills gained through experience and education over 20 years. Areas include business management, communication,customer service, entertainment, human resources, leadership, management, marketing, project management, quality, retail, safety, sales, supply chain management, teambuilding and transportation. Business writing, editing and proofreading such as contract proposals, grants, business plans, financial reports, technical writing, ebooks, training materials, quality documents and more.Creative writing such as short stories to fulllength novel manuscripts, both traditional and ebooks, also including screenplays.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;English;Resume Writing;Online Writing;Grant Writing;Business Planning;Operations Management;Technical Writing;Social Media Marketing"
"22"|"Ranked 75 out of total 72000+ Sales & Marketing professionals on Elance60+ recommendations makes me one of the most recommended Marketing / Advertising professionals on Linkedin (pk.linkedin.com/pub/awaissarfraz/9/927/822/)KEY STATISTICSLinkedin Specific Total Projects  20Linkedin Repeat Clients  55* Feedback ThroughoutOverall total 29 completed jobs and 7 repetitive clients shows the level of expertise & quality I put in a PROJECT.Client's feedback on Elance“Wow! Nailed it. Quick, prompt, accurate. The full package!”... On Individual BasisMarketing Strategy & PlanningSocial Media Planning & ManagementLinkedin Profile Development & MarketingBusiness WritingMarketing Campaign Development & ManagementMarketing StrategyAs an Agency (Red Soul Communication)Creative Design & DevelopmentWriting ProjectsAdd onsRead More »"|"Pakistan"|"Business Writing;Customer Service;Advertising;Internet Marketing;Marketing;Social Media Marketing;Facebook Marketing;LinkedIn Development;Business Development;Grant Writing"
"20"|"My name is Laura Pruett, and I have an addiction. When I see a misspelled word, an apostrophe where no sane apostrophe has any right to be, or a brutally spliced comma, my hands begin to tremble as I feverishly search for the nearest red pen.Although my bachelor's degree is in psychology, my English minor reflects my hidden interest in writing. I never dreamt of writing professionally; however, I always maintained a desire to someday become a professional editor. When I discovered Elance, I heard opportunity knocking, and I answered. I... My primary interests include editing, proofreading, or copyediting. I will also consider performing any other service that involves writing or the English language. Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;English;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Creative Writing;English Spelling;eBay Web Services;Editing;English Grammar;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Business Writing;Medical Transcription;Grant Writing;English Punctuation"
"44"|"Ultimately it's true for any artist, writer or composer...that we are our own product. So anything I say here to further induce you is moot, until you discover who I really am and what I can do for you. So, let's start here and now: resume and website!O.K. We both know that resumes are mostly boilerplateMine is not. If you truly want to find out all about me You can go to my website: www.robertjosephahola.com/Go to About Robert and draw down on Resumé Or just click on (or copy and paste) this link: this link:... Four things about me tell everything: 1) I'm a very quick study. I'm really fun to work with. And I never miss a deadline. 2) I know which questions to ask, and will challenge you with fresh thinking and original concepts you never thought of before. 3) I love pressure. It restores me and rewards you. So bring it on. I'm available 24/7. And I promise you I will exceed expectations. My credo is simple: Success takes more than just thinking outside the box. It means first defining the box  and then building one of our own that is so very original it will redefine the genre. That's what making impact is all about...courage and imagination—the perfect cocktail! Let's do more than bring out a product or a service. Let's make history. Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;Brand Consulting;Screenwriting;Journalism Writing;Copywriting;Editing;Englsh;WordPress"
"47"|"Licensed, awardwinning physical therapist.Aren't you tired of redoing the work you hired out? A 5 star average: \"Wow! Amazed at the quality of your work Andrea! I'm adding you to my list of top notch writers/researchers for future projects. Thanks again for such an impeccable job.\" (1/9/15)Grantwriter, National Swimming Pool FoundationGrantwriter, Aquatic Therapy UniversityFreelance writer x 20 years with > 600 articles to datePhysical therapist. Awardwinning.Managing editor. Physical therapy journal, 3 yearsAs adjunct faculty... My specialty? Transforming medical, educational and rehabilitation facts into pithy, imminently readable information for the rest of the world. I speak you.I specialize in creating evidencebased training manuals, healthrelated grant applications, continuing education material, and seminars. My expertise includes:Academic WritingArticle WritingBusiness WritingGrant WritingMedical WritingTesting and Exam CreationWeb ContentBrief highlights:Over 600 solicited articles in printAward winning physical therapist, American Physical Therapy Association Aquatic Therapy Professional of the YearPaid monthly columnist for 3 magazinesAdjunct faculty, St. Catherine UniversityRehab director, Regions Hospital therapeutic poolGrant writer, Aquatic Therapy University/National Swimming Pool FoundationKey words: grant writing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, rehabilitation, education, exercise, fitness, aquatic therapy, medical writingRead More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Technical Writing;Physical Therapy;Ghostwriting;Medical Writing;Business Writing;Grant Writing;Journalism Writing;English;English Spelling"
"33"|"Bestselling author, awardwinning investigative reporter, writing coach, certified editor,and agencyrepresented children's book writer and illustrator. Member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators.With over 250 satisfied clients in just over a year, I've become one of Elance's most soughtafter editors. I consistently rank in the top 0.01 percent of all Writing and Translation providers (the top 25 of 271,000plus providers).I edit books using publishing industry standards: The Chicago Manual of Style 16th Edition,... An excerpt from a review I edited for a client published in the Examiner:\"The writing is crisp, clear and simple – none of that “hooptedoodle” John Steinbeck said got in the way of a story, when an author takes off into the wild blue yonder in some kind of masturbatory pursuit of his muse.\"I am not someone who hangs a shingle out on Elance and purports to be an editor. I am a certified book editor with inhouse publishing experience. I  am the editor for both NY Times and Amazon bestselling authors. I know where to place a comma, when to use were vs. was, and all the other confusing intricacies of grammar.I am the manuscript editor and proofreader for Readers' Favorite, and I proofread the HowTo Geek website. I am a multiaward winning writer, having received 45 awards in the past 23 years. My work has been published in both large and small newspapers and magazines, including Good Housekeeping, The New York Times, USA Today, the Oswego County Business Magazine, Today's CNY Woman, New York State Magistrates magazine, any many others. I am an agencyrepresented children's author and the ghostwriter of dozens of children's books. I am also an artist and illustrator. If you are seeking a professionally polished manuscript, you've come to the right place.I also write winning book proposals, having spent five years as an acquisitions editor. I know what a publisher and literary agent look for in a submission and I keep updated regularly with changes in editing...Read More »"|"United States"|"English Spelling;Children's Writing;Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Journalism Writing;Letter Writing;Microsoft Word;Newsletter Writing"
"44"|"Experienced writer with BBC Radio 4 Comedy credits. Copywriter for major international brands. Creative linguist. Amateur lion tamer. Top 0.1% Elance Rank.My clients include broadcasters, entertainers, newspapers, video game producers and corporate brands. Here are a few examples of the outstanding client feedback I've received;\"This guy is a writing & comedy genius. I am not exaggerating when I say genius. He has special talent.\"  Strange Mysteries\"Ash has done an outstanding job for us. I've been impressed by how quickly he was able... I have worked as a professional writer for ten years within the copy writing and comedy writing sectors. However, I have additional experience as a nonleague football reporter, a media technician for Manchester United TV, researcher for BBC Manchester, and as a Brand Manager for Campus Group PR representing Jack Daniels and Cadburys.I am not merely someone who has worked behind a desk cranking out words my entire life, I am an experienced media professional who has worked in a variety of roles and gained some unique insights on the way. It is this experience, combined with my creativity, which makes me one of the most successful writers on Elance. So what can I do for you?Sketch / Joke Writing  I have written for Radio 4 shows and live entertainers in a variety of genres including topical, surreal and broad family friendly styles.  If your routine needs some zip and freshness, or if you just want a handful of one liners, I can help. See my portfolio for examples.Copy with character  Many brands are realising the folly of ladling SEO keywords into their bland, stodgy copy and wondering why nobody wants to read it. I offer a new way of enticing customers and boosting sales; the character copy. Your brand is unique, so you need a unique voice behind everything you do. Whether it is a simple tweet or your entire advertising campaign. SEO is kept to a minimum, and engagement is ramped up to maximum. I am working with some major international brands on copy of this...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Comedy Writing;English;Creative Writing;English Spelling;English Grammar;Article Writing;Catch Phrases;One Line Jokes;Script Editing;Journalism Writing;English Proofreading;Radio & Television Writing;Speech Writing;Entertainment Reviewing;Copywriting"
"38"|"Professional U.S. Journalist with nearly 20 years of news writing experience, plus blogstyle writing, 1000+ real estate articles & travel.  I am used to researching and writing multiple stories on various topics on a daily basis.  I have a strong work ethic and excel at meeting tight deadlines."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Editing;English Spelling;Journalism Writing;Writing;Research"
"20"|"Wellrounded, experienced, organized, and motivated freelancer.  Stable, selfstarter.  I look forward to working through Upwork with future clients  see you on the new platform!Native US English.Typing 60 wpm; Proficient 10keyExperienced with:Document formattingForms creationMS Word, Excel, Outlook, Publisher, PowerPointMS Access data entry and developmentMailChimp, Zoho CRM, RecTracDropBox, Google Docs/DriveKnowledge of data entry, daily cash reconciliation, office procedures, electronic file maintenance, customer service,... Involved in customer service throughout my career directly and 'behind the scenes', I have been a computer and internet user since their infancy.I have considerable experience with word processing as well as data entry in Access, Excel, and other databases. I am a fast learner and always open to adding additional skills and concepts to my arsenal.Additional highlights:Experienced in document formatting:  Composition, editing, and production of employee operational handbooks and database operations guides.Experienced in MS Word/Excel forms creation.Experienced in MS Excel spreadsheet creation.Accurate data entry in MS Excel/Access, RecTrac, CRM.Have built and managed MS Access DB together with query and report functions.  Attention to detail and ease of application for the end user.Read More »"|"United States"|"English;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;General Office Skills;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft PowerPoint;Email;Email Etiquette;Time Management;Customer Service;Journalism Writing;MailChimp"
"33"|"When you're looking to hire a freelance writer, you want a craftsman. You want crisp, clean, engaging writing in your hand well before the deadline ... and at a reasonable price. You want to work with a proven professional who delivers exactly what you asked for.That's exactly what you'll get when we work together. I hold myself to a higher standard of professionalism and quality than most writers. With your project in my hands, you can breathe just a little easier, knowing that I'll deliver great content in the most stressfree way... As a copywriter and marketing consultant, I help companies turn their muddy visions into compelling messages that resonate with their customers. As a reporter and arts writer, I pen awardwinning stories out of subjects both exceptional and seemingly mundane. As an editor and ghostwriter, I turn unfinished ideas and looseatthehinges drafts into stories that grab the reader by the lapels and dare them to turn away.Over the course of my career, I've gained a variety of skills that put me in a different class from the writers you've encountered here.I've both written and drawn a number of creative and marketingoriented comics. I've produced, filmed and edited several popular internet video series, and served as the sole creative force behind a string of wellreceived podcasts. I have nearly a decade of print and digital publishing experience, with hundreds of magazine and website credits. I've worn almost every hat in the multimedia realm, from cameraman to video editor and from podcast host to graphic designer. For the right project, I'm invaluable.My technical skills include: basic web design (HTML/CSS, but not PHP); common CMS programs (IWordPress and ExpressionEngine well, and have worked in Drupal and Joomla); InDesign, QuarkXpress, MS Publisher, Acrobat; Premiere, but know Final Cut X (and 7), iMovie and BSE; Audition, Audacity, GarageBand; digital multimedia for business (compressing, marketing, targeting and tagging for sites like YouTube and Vimeo); digital...Read More »"|"United States"|"Social Media Marketing;Content Writing;WordPress;Ghostwriting;Journalism Writing;Editing;Press Release Writing;Bitcoin;podcasting;Copywriting"
"33"|"“Great writer. She is capable of not only writing well, but she also can adapt her tone of voice, which is a skill necessary for my company who creates content for many different health professionals. Though it is hard to write in the scientific field, Barbara does it with ease. Would recommend over and over again! ” “Barbara offers great work for an incredibly affordable price. I require a lot of work to be done on a nearly weekly basis, and she has been able turn projects around within a matter of days. I highly recommend. ” In the... I have years of experience blogging, writing web content for many different types of businesses, article marketing, and ebook content writing and formatting. Here are a few of the things that I can help you with:SEO content writingArticle marketing,ResearchGhost writingTech papersPress releaseEditorialsReviewsMy topics of expertise are:General health and wellnessAlternative healthcareMeditation and yogaFinanceRead More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Internet Research;Copywriting;Content Writing;Reviews;Online Writing;Microsoft Word;Ghostwriting;Journalism Writing;English;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Email;Telephone Skills;Travel Planning"
"15"|"I am a Canadianraised, trained and practiced journalist currently freelancing for a variety of publications and clients worldwide. Having a variety of clients has taught me, more than ever, to adapt the voice and tone of my writing. I work under tight deadlines and ensure my articles are succinct and wellresearched. These qualities can all be seen through the articles I write (see my portfolio here: kenwallingford.ca).My work has appeared in the Toronto Star, Rough Guides, VICE.com, enRoute Magazine (enroute.aircanada.com), and Emaho... Ask the people around me in my daily life and you'll know I'm a hard worker, always on the job and always keeping my eyes open for the next opportunity to learn something new about the world around me.I am quick to reply to emails and messages, and I'm always browsing news sites and social media to see what's happening and what's trending. I am a relentless worker, too; when I have a job to do, I don't stop until it's done, and done with quality.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Journalism Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing;Content Writing;WordPress;Adobe Photoshop;News reporting;Creative Writing;Copy Editing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"11"|"Freelance music journalist from Serbia. A tech savvy individual and an editor/writer at UltimateGuitar.com, one of the world's leading music sites with over 13 million unique monthly visitors."|"Serbia"|"English;Content Writing;Press Release Writing;Feature Writing;Online Writing;Journalism Writing;Editing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Joomla!;English Spelling"
"38"|"Ivy Leagueeducated writer, editor, and ghostwriter. I write about business, health & wellness, and the arts, among other things. I have ghostwritten two novellas, and assisted clients with short stories, novels, and screenplays. I have written copy for a restaurant, helped a selfpublished author promote her book, and interviewed Twitter founder Biz Stone. I am a gifted editor, both on the sentence level and the story level. • original content specializing in business, and health & wellness• academic writing: business, history, politics, the arts• fiction ghostwriting: all genres• manuscript consultation, fiction and nonfiction• copywriting• grantwritingRead More »"|"United States"|"English;Creative Writing;English Grammar;Article Writing;Copy Editing;Academic Writing;Journalism Writing;Ghostwriting;Business Writing;Copywriting;Proofreading"
"13"|"Just one of the many comments left by one of my clients.  \"Excellent transcription with very little need for minor editing. Managed fast speech and regional accents accurately. Acute grasp of grammar and colloquial phrases. Delivered before schedule and was professional at all times. Though more expensive than some other freelancers on Elance, this was completely justified given the fluency of the transcription. I did not need to spend more time correcting and ensuring the accuracy of the work as has been the case with cheaper proposals.... Audio document production.Reports.Interviews.Books.Dissertations.Articles.Legal Typing.Medical Typing.Medico Legal Typing.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Microsoft Word;English;English Spelling;General Office Skills;Knowledge of Microsoft Office;Microsoft Excel;Expert typist with RSA qualications.;Transcription;Medical Transcription;Legal Transcription"
"18"|"I worked for 23 years for a Canadian national law firm using MS Office for corporate, patents, and some litigation and immigration work. Skills include typing of legal documents, preparation of PowerPoint presentations and marketing materials for audience handouts, changes in SharePoint, Acrobat portfolios, Excel entries, entries into InterAction contact database, and online research (including locating corporate background details and company registrations, and finding email addresses for seminar invitations), transcription. My home typing and Virtual Assistant business offers Ontario incorporations; resume and typing services; setup, posting to and managing of corporate Facebook pages; PowerPoint presentations; preparation of marketing materials; and detailed online research.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Microsoft PowerPoint;English;Microsoft Word;Word Processing;General Office Skills;Microsoft Office;Internet Research;Legal Transcription"
"16"|"Passionate about the work I do, I aim at providing an excellent service to my clients by employing variety of skill sets; from Word processing to Audio Editing. By paying close attention to detail, I am aim at providing a polished product, on a consistent basis.I personally handle all assignments and treat them with upmost integrity. Guaranteed confidentiality and nondisclosure of all work content. General Transcription Business TranscriptionProofreadingWPM +75Customer ServiceRead More »"|"Pakistan"|"Transcription;Microsoft Word;Customer Service;English;Computer Skills;Business Writing;Market Research;Customer support;Legal Transcription"
"33"|" A native German with a degree in English literature, a full teaching qualification + experience as an English/German teacher both in Germany and in England, a freelance translator and published writer. Graduated from Bonn University in 1984, qualified as a languages teacher in 1986 (Wiesbaden T. T. College).I spent the 1978/9 winter term at Edinburgh University where I did a course about systemic grammar and the teaching of literature. I learned that the interpretation of poetry can be  based on a matteroffact analysis of the structure... I can offer both EnglishGerman and GermanEnglish translations in the areas of literature, law, technology, medicine and most other subject areas. As a writer I can offer my services as ghostwriter, content writer and editor.I think my ratings speak for themselves and I am looking forward to working with you in the future.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"English Spelling;German;Translation German English;English;Translation English German;English Grammar;Creative Writing;Legal Transcription;company websites;Biographies;Proofreading (English and German);Content Writing"
"18"|"Experienced in transcription, with over ten years experience. Native English speaker with previous clients ranging from doctors, lawyers and business directors. I was born in England, and have an excellent command of the English language. I have spent time in America and Australia and I'm great with accents. Can transcribe from audio or video file. I am happy to use any format. I will also transcribe on to any file format you specify, be it, MSWord, Google docs, etc.All transcription is performed at a standard rate per audio minute. I will be able to email you the file, or upload to your cloud, ie. dropboxIf you have any special instructions, such as including the names of the speakers and any formatting preferences, please let me know. Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"General Transcription;English Proofreading;Administrative Support;Computer Skills;Medical Transcription;Legal Transcription;Dictation;Data Entry;Typist;Transcriptionist;Audio Transcriber;English Spelling"
"4"|"Paralegal Studies graduate, Civil Service Commission registered professional, with knowledge on basic stenography and little background on office management. Fluent in English and Filipino.  Fast and efficient worker. Can easily understand and follow written and verbal command. Was awarded \"Best in Practicum\" during internship at a government office.Read More »"|"Philippines"|"English;English Punctuation;Translation Tagalog English;Legal Research;Legal Transcription;Paralegal Services;Copy Editing;English Spelling"
"65"|"“Lawtranscripts was nothing less than amazing. Not only did they complete the job at a much higher level than I expected but also helped me save money in the process. I would highly recommend them to anyone.”“Lawtranscripts was extremely fast, and willing to work with me moment by moment. The final product was delivered shockingly fast and in excellent professional condition. She knows what she's doing. ”“Laura's help with my transcription work has been indispensable.\"The testimonials listed above are from some of my Elance clients... A transcript is a piece of history that will resurface over and over again throughout time, throughout publications, used in quotes, used as a tool for marketing your most valuable asset, (you or your business), a tool needed for evidentiary value, writing that highly anticipated book, proving your thesis, or adding to your website where it will be viewed by millions of people.  My focus and goals are to provide you with the peace of mind that your piece of history, your transcript, is accurate, solid, and allows you to concentrate on growing your business.  By serving my clients with outstanding customer service gives them this peace of mind and the most accurate transcript they deserve.  I transcribe manually, with a foot pedal, and using my transcription software, Express Scribe and For the Record.  Specializing in law enforcement, criminal investigative interviews, law enforcement Internal Affairs Interviews transcription, criminal justice interviews, District Attorney's Investigative Interviews, legal and business interviews, focus groups, podcast interviews, book author interviews, dissertations, radio shows, health and wellness podcasts, workplace investigations, graduate studies required course interviews as it relates to their field of study, educational and scientific research interviews.I have been transcribing professionally for over 14 years and I have owned my own law enforcement transcription company for over 10 years that provided services for nine...Read More »"|"United States"|"Transcription;Audio Interviews;Video Interviews;Focus Group Interviews;Legal Transcription;Research focus group interviews;Podcast Interviews;Verbatim Interviews;Court Reporting Proofreading Scopist;Certified Proofreader Scopist Editor;Criminal Justice Interviews;Law Enforcement Interviews;Express Scribe;Quality Assurance Editing Proofreading;Workplace Investigation Interviews and Summaries"
"44"|"\"Tanya is probably one of the best transcribers I've ever hired on Elance or off. Her work is 150% impeccable. She has done three jobs for me already and every transcript has been perfect. I am elated that I found her and hope this is the start of a very long business relationship.\"\"I would recommend Tanya in a heartbeat to anyone who needs work transcribed, beautifully, fast and with exceptional communication. An incredibly easy and satisfying process and I am thrilled with the work. Thank you!!\" \"Another great performance by this... I am a professional transcriber with over 9 years work experience. I have worked with clients worldwide on several transcriptions including interviews, lectures, group discussions, webinars, medical reports, work notes, focus groups and more. I review and proofread all my work before sending it back to ensure the highest standard of work is maintained. Please click on the \"Portfolio\" section to view samples of my work.I have extensive experience in using MS Word, MS Excel and Powerpoint.  All transcribed documents are formatted as per the requirement. Read More »"|"United Arab Emirates"|"Transcription;Medical Transcription;Legal Transcription;Typing;English Spelling"
"3"|"PROFESSIONAL TRANSCRIBER  with over 14 years of  experience in Voice TRANSCRIPTION, DATA ENTRY and CONTENT WRITING.I believe that there are no shortcuts to success and hence put in my best efforts in each project.“pleasure to work with”“I am deeply indebted for the efforts made on my behalf. A person of integrity and dedication. I very highly endorse.”“This is one of many repeat jobs and I'm very happy with her.”At Elance, I am looking forward to taking challenging assignments and completing them accurately and on time to the... I am specialized in Transcription, article writing and data entry I have more than 14 years of experience in transcribing voice files of various types (general, medical and legal) from around the world.I am also  experienced in all kinds of data entry, Excel, MSOffice, administrative support works.Video transcription.CaptioningSubtitling Real estate agents data collection Collecting contact data of various businesses Adding Real listings, Vacation rental listings to websites Data Extraction from various online sources Data Mining Data Conversion Data entry PDF to excel Mailing list development Article submission Data Entry (Excel, etc.  any version) Research  Data Extraction Web data extraction Web ResearchConverting Jpg files to Mailing Listcollecting contact detailsshopping cart data entryproducts data entryonline catalog data entryfilling of formsExcel data entrydata entry into Excel, Access,word processing, etc. Experienced in submitting Articles to directories.Read More »"|"India"|"English;grammar;Content Writing;Data Entry;Microsoft Excel;pdf;Transcription;Medical Transcription;Computer Skills;General Office Skills;Microsoft Word;Legal Transcription;Research;Geology;gis"
"7"|" I am a college and university graduate who holds a Diploma in Early Childhood Education and a Bachelor's degree in Social Work. I have been doing transcription work for a year now and I am loving it.My proactive, positive, confident and outgoing personality has prepared me to be able to function effectively in this dynamic team environment. I am a fast typist and I always try to make my clients feel satisfied with the work I produce. I have worked in administration for over 3 years and I am skilled in many areas. These areas include, but not limited to: transcription, Microsoft word, PowerPoint, data entry,  content writing, customer service and general office skills. I have also administrate website before and upload content. Read More »"|"Jamaica"|"Customer Service;General Office Skills;Email;Microsoft Word;Transcription;Legal Transcription;Medical Transcription;Microsoft PowerPoint;Typing;Social Network Administration"
"26"|"Expert Transcriptionist  Proofreader  EditorSkills:  English language (spelling, grammar, sentence structure) Proofreading English  Writing and editing Touch typing  typing speed of approx. 85 words per minute Communication  Selfmotivated Time managementPrior to beginning my freelance transcription career in 2013, I was employed for over a decade in administrative roles, including four years as a legal secretary. This experience, as well as credit level qualifications in English and Business Administration, has provided... Transcription  I have experience transcribing single speaker dictation (including legal and medical), conferences and speeches, interviews and discussions, as well as meetings and focus groups in a range of different topics. I am comfortable transcribing many accents, and I am also confident researching difficult terminology to ensure the highest possible accuracy rate in all of my transcripts. I can transcribe your audio or video file(s) in either verbatim, intelligent verbatim or edited styles. If you have a template that you wish me to work from then I am happy to do so. If not, I will format your transcript in a professional and appropriate way. I ensure confidentiality with all work undertaken by offering to sign an NDA agreement and deleting all files upon completion of our transaction.Proofreading and editing  I offer a proofreading and editing service for many different types of text including web copy, blog posts and articles, ebooks, letters, emails, reports, transcripts...  I will ensure correct spelling and grammar is adhered to as well as editing the text, where appropriate, to allow sentences to flow naturally.  Using a professional proofreading service will provide you with the piece of mind that all of the I's are dotted and T's are crossed in your text.I will proofread and edit your text using the track changes function in Microsoft Word.  On delivery, I will provide you with your document highlighting what changes have been made as well as a...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"English;English Spelling;Transcription;Typing;Legal Transcription;microsoft word;medical transcription;English Grammar;English Proofreading;audio typing"
"3"|"PROFESSIONAL TRANSCRIBER  with over 14 years of  experience in Voice TRANSCRIPTION, DATA ENTRY and CONTENT WRITING.I believe that there are no shortcuts to success and hence put in my best efforts in each project.“pleasure to work with”“I am deeply indebted for the efforts made on my behalf. A person of integrity and dedication. I very highly endorse.”“This is one of many repeat jobs and I'm very happy with her.”At Elance, I am looking forward to taking challenging assignments and completing them accurately and on time to the... I am specialized in Transcription, article writing and data entry I have more than 14 years of experience in transcribing voice files of various types (general, medical and legal) from around the world.I am also  experienced in all kinds of data entry, Excel, MSOffice, administrative support works.Video transcription.CaptioningSubtitling Real estate agents data collection Collecting contact data of various businesses Adding Real listings, Vacation rental listings to websites Data Extraction from various online sources Data Mining Data Conversion Data entry PDF to excel Mailing list development Article submission Data Entry (Excel, etc.  any version) Research  Data Extraction Web data extraction Web ResearchConverting Jpg files to Mailing Listcollecting contact detailsshopping cart data entryproducts data entryonline catalog data entryfilling of formsExcel data entrydata entry into Excel, Access,word processing, etc. Experienced in submitting Articles to directories.Read More »"|"India"|"English;grammar;Content Writing;Data Entry;Microsoft Excel;pdf;Transcription;Medical Transcription;Computer Skills;General Office Skills;Microsoft Word;Legal Transcription;Research;Geology;gis"
"10"|"I am an experienced medical, legal, and general transcriptionist. As a small business owner, I understand the importance of accurate work and dedication to turnaround times. Your project will be completed timely with great attention to detail. I am a perfectionist with a strong desire to continually challenge myself and acquire knowledge. I believe in honesty and respect, and I know that strong communication is imperative in this remote work environment. I look forward to working with you. "|"United States"|"Legal Transcription;Transcription;Medical Billing and Coding;Editing;Proofreading;Medical Transcription;Medical Transcription;English"
"17"|"I am located in the Midwest and have been a transcriptionist since 1999.  I have experience in a wide variety of content in various genres and am excellent with accents.  I conduct business in a professional, confidential manner with attention to detail and a high degree of accuracy (above 99%).  I have templates that I use, but if you have your own that you would prefer, that's fine too.  Turnaround time is negotiable. Just let me know how soon you need it.  I would prefer to be paid based on the length of audio file. That way I know..."|"United States"|"English;Legal Transcription;Transcription;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Copy Editing"
""|"I am located in the Midwest and have been a transcriptionist since 1999.  I have experience in a wide variety of content in various genres and am excellent with accents.  I conduct business in a professional, confidential manner with attention to detail and a high degree of accuracy (above 99%).  I have templates that I use, but if you have your own that you would prefer, that's fine too.  Turnaround time is negotiable. Just let me know how soon you need it.  I would prefer to be paid based on the length of audio file. That way I know..."|"United States"|"English;Legal Transcription;Transcription;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Copy Editing"
"14"|"Transcription Guru"|"India"|"Transcription;English Proofreading;Medical Transcription;Legal Transcription;English Punctuation;English Spelling"
"20"|"I am an exceptional Transcriptionist with vast experience. I produce excellent transcripts beyond expectations. I am a professional and my work speaks for itself. "|"Saint Lucia"|"Transcription;Legal Transcription;Typing;Medical Transcription;Editing;General Office Skills;English;English Spelling;English Grammar;English Punctuation"
"3"|"PROFESSIONAL TRANSCRIBER  with over 14 years of  experience in Voice TRANSCRIPTION, DATA ENTRY and CONTENT WRITING.I believe that there are no shortcuts to success and hence put in my best efforts in each project.“pleasure to work with”“I am deeply indebted for the efforts made on my behalf. A person of integrity and dedication. I very highly endorse.”“This is one of many repeat jobs and I'm very happy with her.”At Elance, I am looking forward to taking challenging assignments and completing them accurately and on time to the... I am specialized in Transcription, article writing and data entry I have more than 14 years of experience in transcribing voice files of various types (general, medical and legal) from around the world.I am also  experienced in all kinds of data entry, Excel, MSOffice, administrative support works.Video transcription.CaptioningSubtitling Real estate agents data collection Collecting contact data of various businesses Adding Real listings, Vacation rental listings to websites Data Extraction from various online sources Data Mining Data Conversion Data entry PDF to excel Mailing list development Article submission Data Entry (Excel, etc.  any version) Research  Data Extraction Web data extraction Web ResearchConverting Jpg files to Mailing Listcollecting contact detailsshopping cart data entryproducts data entryonline catalog data entryfilling of formsExcel data entrydata entry into Excel, Access,word processing, etc. Experienced in submitting Articles to directories.Read More »"|"India"|"English;grammar;Content Writing;Data Entry;Microsoft Excel;pdf;Transcription;Medical Transcription;Computer Skills;General Office Skills;Microsoft Word;Legal Transcription;Research;Geology;gis"
"33"|"My primary goal in writing is client satisfaction:  \"Richard provided quality articles that were exceptional and insightful. He hit our niche on target and is a pleasure to work with. Great attitude...highly recommended! One of the best writers on Elance by far...\"If you need high quality writing that is wellresearched and delivered on time, please consider that I may be your best choice for a variety of projects, including articles, blogs, and web content writing,   All of my writing is 100% original and designed to capture reader... Writing original articles for legal and attorney websites on any topic of law.Blogs and articles on investment, banking and finance.Speech writing and coaching.Articles and training guides for management training and team building.Nonprofit fundraising strategies, development models, prospect letters and coaching.Articles on consulting practice methods, healthcare, Obamacare, medical tourism and international medical facilities. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Legal Writing;Content Writing;Business Writing;Finance and Investment Writing;English Grammar;Proposal Writing;Speech Writing;Travel Writing;Writing"
"44"|"My proficiency in the creative use of language and ability to craft written pieces that engage the reader are available to assist the impact of the content you require.  I seek to put people at ease with genuine curiosity and kindness, both of which are essential to truly drawing out the essence of a particular project so that content can be created that reflects the vision of the client.  I have a heavy concentration of experience writing about contemporary music, the arts, and communities, as well as SEO rich content to drive traffic to... Blogging, copy writing, web content creation, social media promotion, social media management, creative writing, content round ups, marketing copy writing and other related services.  Please see my full resume here:  https://incantationwrites.wordpress.com/resume/ Read More »"|"United States"|"WordPress;Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;Report Writing;English;English Grammar;Business Writing;Legal Writing;Transcription"
"40"|"I write clear, concise, compelling copy for websites, blogs and articles.  I translate complex concepts into simple prose that anyone can understand.  I'm an experienced professional who delivers clean, crisp copy, and does it on time.I'm a former journalist, a former practicing attorney, and a former legal blogger writing  on  small business topics.  I have written hundreds of articles, legal briefs, memoranda and pieces of correspondence.  My speciality is writing web copy, blog posts and marketing materials  for lawyers.  Because of..."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Legal Writing;Feature Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"40"|"I write clear, concise, compelling copy for websites, blogs and articles.  I translate complex concepts into simple prose that anyone can understand.  I'm an experienced professional who delivers clean, crisp copy, and does it on time.I'm a former journalist, a former practicing attorney, and a former legal blogger writing  on  small business topics.  I have written hundreds of articles, legal briefs, memoranda and pieces of correspondence.  My speciality is writing web copy, blog posts and marketing materials  for lawyers.  Because of..."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Legal Writing;Feature Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"100"|"Top Rated Elance Attorney.  Experienced, wellcredentialed, and committed to customer and client satisfaction. I provide a vast array of legal services, from consultation to contract drafting, and everything in between.I graduated at the top of my class at USC as a member of the USC Law Review and with many academic honors.  I then worked for the very prestigious law firm, O'Melveny and Myers and the Orange County Public Defender's Office.I established my own own practice in 2008.  I have dealt with all different types of cases since... NOTE:My California Bar Number is 247648.  I have been a licensed attorney since 2006.  Unfortunately, this site does not restrict the legal category to licensed attorneys, and there are many law graduates who failed or didn't take the bar and paralegals representing themselves as attorneys.  Their actions are illegal and you are not protected when obtaining services from them, so please be careful.  They may sell their 'services' for cheaper, but they're doing so illegally and at a high potential cost to you._______GENERAL_________Multistate legal research and analysisLegal consulting regarding products, premise, insurance, contracts, & startups_________BUSINESS_________Operating Agreements, Bylaws, Partnership AgreementsAsset Purchase AgreementsFranchise AgreementsPrivate Placement MemorandaShareholder/Investor AgreementsSupplier AgreementsLetters of Intent/Memoranda of UnderstandingBuy/Sell Business AgreementsResidential/Commercial LeasesReal Estate Purchase AgreementsEmployment/Independent Contractor AgreementsBusiness ContractsCollections (such as drafting of demand letters)Trademarks_________INTERNET_________Terms of UsePrivacy Policies Disclaimers/ReleasesDMCA PoliciesWeb Development AgreementsSSL Certificate Opinion LettersWebsite Compliance ReviewSoftware/Mobile App. Licensing AgreementsSite ReviewsInfringement LettersAuthoring/Modeling AgreementsIP Licensing AgreementsMedia Licensing AgreementsCopyright...Read More »"|"United States"|"Contract Law;Employment Law;Corporate Law;Legal Research;Legal Consulting;Legal Writing;Copyright;Litigation;Content Writing;Resume Writing"
"28"|"7 years of experience as an attorney and 5 years as a Multilingual business legal Advisor have given me a firm grip of both local and international law. As an IT law Consultant I have had a world wide range of clients, always happy with the work I have done, which has its sole characteristic of going beyond what is expected. Many of my current clientele are companies wanting to have representation in my home country. Also, I have assisted numerous clients wanting to have a better understanding of the Latin American market and applicable... By coming online on a freelance platform, I will be able to assist you on your legal inquiries with the same efficiency as I would do in person. Normally I work under pressure and can still be very informative and patient with clients, which usually recommend the services to third parties, although it is very difficult to grow being an honest and straight forward law firm, in 3rd World Countries. Corruption is all around, and the possibilities of professional growth are many. Even so, the Law practice has been able to position itself, and provides a unique quality and honorable, ethical and trustworthy service.In the IT Law department I can assist in legal or questions issues related to software, hardware, internet, web and Ecommerce, or the handling and managing information related to both International and Latin American Law. As of today there are so much possibilities of having a good communication with clients when on a new job, that it gives me no geographic disadvantage to be in South America, being able to compete with lawyers around the Globe.Thanks to my personal knowledge skill and huge compilation of Latin American Law build through the years by the law firm, I am able to quickly respond to you as legal advisor or as your litigating attorney. I will never disappoint you in any matter or job.Also, to all fellow lawyers, I will always be willing to help out colleagues abroad in different legal problems or questions regarding law in Bolivia, and in Latin...Read More »"|"Bolivia"|"Terms and Privacy Policy drafting;International Law;Legal Translation;Legal Research;Legal Writing;Legal Letters;Contract Drafting;IT Law;Translation English Spanish;Translation English Dutch;English;German;Spanish;Basic Japanese;Litigation"
"55"|"Ivy league educated art historian, published arts author & editor providing well researched & well written copy with a quick turn around. I have a positive collaborative working style & excel at developing meaningful copy for artists and designers alike, as well as marketing copy for creative people, firms, organizations & studios. Copywriting: Art Historical/ Critical author contributions; press releases; book forewords; articles; artist profiles; biographies; product copy. As a private consultant, I work with various private,... Customized High Calibre Text for Every ClientWebsite & Print Copy: About Us profiles, Professional Profiles, Biographies, Press Releases, Product Descriptions, Blogs, Articles & other sales driven copy for arts & creative clients: including artists, poets, filmmakers, crafts, jewelry, costume design, dance, furniture & interior designers. Editorial & Writing: Research & editing services for projects such as creative, antique and arts sales text, artist biographies, commercial gallery websites, gallery print copy & exhibit wall text; fine art websites (auction, antiques, galleries); fine art or artist exhibition & grant proposals.Books:Editing of text and captioning, foreword or introductions, contributions. CV upon request. I do not flake out or dissapear so be assured I shall commit to your project. Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Editing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Legal Writing;Letter Writing;Press Release Writing;Proofreading"
"13"|"Experienced Proofreader and Legal Translator with more than 10 years of experience in academic proofreading, tutoring, inhouse translation and proofreading for numerous nonprofit organisations.  Works currently as a freelance legal translator for the German National Committee of UN Women. "|"United Kingdom"|"Microsoft Word;Legal Writing;English Proofreading;Proofreading;Microsoft PowerPoint;Legal Translation (English/German);English Grammar;Translation German English"
"44"|"I am a freelance business adviser working under my own company that helps smalltomedium size businesses grow, either domestically or internationally.The company is a collective of freelance management consultants that work together. In particular we can help you set up a new company or new subsidiaries around the world, connect a supply chain and manage recruitment or movement of an international workforce.We work as a collective consulting group, combining backgrounds in commercial law, human resources, auditing, finance and business... In general we work with businesses in three main stages of expansion: Company Formation  selecting business structures, arranging lawyers and tax accountants, creating an action list, estimates of costs and time frames, and helping you through each step and communicating with authorities as neededSupply Chain  setting up freight forwarders, customs agents, warehouses/3PLs, couriers and so on as neededWorkforce  contracts for hiring new people locally or internationally, designing job roles, moving people internationally, establishing policies and procedures to meet legal requirements of target countryRead More »"|"Australia"|"Legal Research;Legal Writing;Business Writing;Financial Writing;Economics;International Law;International taxation;Intellectual Property Law;Employment Law;Market Research"
"55"|"Owner of Chalfant Eckert Publishing and author of popular 51book Do Your Own Nonprofit series and Nonprofit Touchdown:  Winning the 501c3 Game Against IRS.  Founder of Pasture Valley Children Missions.  I can set up state and federal paperwork for a new nonprofit in three hours. Overseas missions, Churches, Hospitals, and Schools are a different story.  The paperwork is much more involved.  I can set those up by custom quote.  I do great work, don't waste your time or mine, pay attention to detail, and know the nonprofit laws and... I prepare state and federal paperwork for U.S. nonprofit 501c tax exempt status from idea to reality.  I also operate a full service publishing company and enjoy evaluating manuscripts, editing nonfiction, and helping authors get published.  Read More »"|"United States"|"Organizational Behavior;English Spelling;Nonprofit Formation;501c3;Tax Exempt;Legal Writing;Academic Writing;Copy Editing;Writing;Publishing"
"28"|"7 years of experience as an attorney and 5 years as a Multilingual business legal Advisor have given me a firm grip of both local and international law. As an IT law Consultant I have had a world wide range of clients, always happy with the work I have done, which has its sole characteristic of going beyond what is expected. Many of my current clientele are companies wanting to have representation in my home country. Also, I have assisted numerous clients wanting to have a better understanding of the Latin American market and applicable... By coming online on a freelance platform, I will be able to assist you on your legal inquiries with the same efficiency as I would do in person. Normally I work under pressure and can still be very informative and patient with clients, which usually recommend the services to third parties, although it is very difficult to grow being an honest and straight forward law firm, in 3rd World Countries. Corruption is all around, and the possibilities of professional growth are many. Even so, the Law practice has been able to position itself, and provides a unique quality and honorable, ethical and trustworthy service.In the IT Law department I can assist in legal or questions issues related to software, hardware, internet, web and Ecommerce, or the handling and managing information related to both International and Latin American Law. As of today there are so much possibilities of having a good communication with clients when on a new job, that it gives me no geographic disadvantage to be in South America, being able to compete with lawyers around the Globe.Thanks to my personal knowledge skill and huge compilation of Latin American Law build through the years by the law firm, I am able to quickly respond to you as legal advisor or as your litigating attorney. I will never disappoint you in any matter or job.Also, to all fellow lawyers, I will always be willing to help out colleagues abroad in different legal problems or questions regarding law in Bolivia, and in Latin...Read More »"|"Bolivia"|"Terms and Privacy Policy drafting;International Law;Legal Translation;Legal Research;Legal Writing;Legal Letters;Contract Drafting;IT Law;Translation English Spanish;Translation English Dutch;English;German;Spanish;Basic Japanese;Litigation"
"20"|"As a law student living in New York, David decided that it would be wise to find a job that he could excel at to offset the exorbitant cost of living. He could think of no better choice than joining a website full of talented individuals that are as passionate about writing as he is. David is now freelance writing fulltime while finishing his final semester of law school. Once he graduates, he is planning to pursue writing fulltime while still using the skills he obtained during law school.Currently, David is finishing his novel that... Education:Benjamin N. Cardozo School of LawAug 2012  May 2015Law, Juris DoctorGeorge Mason UniversityAug 2009  May 2012Philosophy, Bachelor of Arts, PhilosophyAward and Honors:Monrad Paulsen Scholarship08/01/2012Association Memberships:Golden Key International Honour SocietyNational Society of Collegiate ScholarsPhi Kappa PhiNew York City Bar AssociationNational Lawyer's GuildProjects by Industry and Expertise:LegalAs a third year law student, David has used his legal skills and knowledge to write highly detailed and informative legal articles. He can write on a wide breadth of legal issues, such as property and real estate, criminal law statutes, and many more. He looks forward to continuing to learn more and more about the law, as it is truly an everchanging field of study.FitnessDavid has received several personalized orders from clients regarding fitness supplements, protein powders and other essential products for achieving fitness goals.Since fitness has long been one of his personal hobbies, he is more than capable of writing about any and all fitness related content.BusinessDavid has written many financial articles that covered a wide range of topics such as investing, general savings advice, student loans and accounting. He has been sought out for recurring content creation by large corporations, including those in the telecommunications industry.SoftwareDavid has been specifically sought out by clients to...Read More »"|"United States"|"English Grammar;Microsoft Word;Copywriting;Academic Writing;Creative Writing;English Spelling;Article Writing;English;Blog Writing;Legal Writing"
"55"|"Eggman Global is a highlevel multimedia, management and online marketing firm with 150+ years of combined experience. Founder/CEO Steve Eggleston is a law school Valedictorian, awardwinning law professor, former business/employment/entertainment/trial attorney, frequent lecturer and speaker, and author of bestselling employment law book, \"Labor & Employment in California,\" published by LexisNexis for 21+ years. Steve sat on the Board of Directors of Filmspeed, once the thirdlargest video streamer in the world, and advised hundreds of... Eggman Global is highly experienced and specialized in: contracts, legal documents, and business affairs, from Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws to Employment Agreements and Talent booking  all aspects of web and social media content creation, customer engagement,  branding and marketing, including mission, message, call to action, market analysis and SEO all aspects of music, entertainment, sports and fashion, from artist management  and branding, to raising financing for film and television, to sports documentaries all forms of ghost writing, white papers, creative writing, blogs, newsletters, editing and rewriting, and research CEOlevel consultation based on 32+ years as an attorney working with every kind of startup and mature business imaginable, from health clubs and oil & gas exploration, to real estate development and internet startups, to streaming video and funding film & television projectsRead More »"|"United States"|"Legal Writing;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Business Writing;Academic Writing;Marketing;Public Relations;Social Media Marketing;Project Management;Report Writing"
"37"|"I'm currently licensed to practice law in Minnesota, but have recently relocated to Colorado. I have a strong background in small business formation, operational, and governance issues and documents, federal environmental law and contract drafting. I also possess excellent legal research and writing skills that I can easily apply to any industry.  Corporate/ Small Business Law_______________________________________________________________Choice of Entity: C Corp, S Corp, LLC, LLP, 501(c)3 NonProfitIncorporation, Organization, and Dissolution Bylaws / Operating AgreementsPartnership, Shareholder and Member Control Agreements NonCompete / NonDisclosure / NonCircumvention Agreements Subscription / Stock Purchase AgreementsS Corp Election501(c)3 NonProfit formationTrademarks and CopyrightsOther Small Business Documents Contract Law_______________________________________________________________Contract Drafting / Contract Review / Contract Revision & EditingGeneral MultiState Legal Research, Writing, and Analysis _______________________________________________________________Informational MemorandaWestlaw / Westlaw Next / LexisNexis / Lexis Advance / PACER / Fastcase  / GoogleAdvance / Basic web searchEditing & Revision of Legal Writing / Legal Citations / BluebookEnvironmental Law_______________________________________________________________Federal Regulatory Compliance Issues / CWA / CAA / CERCLA / RCRAEmerging Environmental Legal IssuesCorporate Social Responsibility / Sustainable DevelopmentNonProfit OrganizationsDISCLAIMER: While I am currently licensed to practice law in the state of Minnesota, I CANNOT provide you with legal advice and hiring me does NOT create an attorneyclient relationship. My license to practice law in Colorado is pending.Read More »"|"United States"|"Corporate Law;Small Business Law;Contract Law;Legal Consulting;Legal Research;Legal Writing;Environmental Law;Incorporation;Trademark Consulting;Copyright"
"55"|"Owner of Chalfant Eckert Publishing and author of popular 51book Do Your Own Nonprofit series and Nonprofit Touchdown:  Winning the 501c3 Game Against IRS.  Founder of Pasture Valley Children Missions.  I can set up state and federal paperwork for a new nonprofit in three hours. Overseas missions, Churches, Hospitals, and Schools are a different story.  The paperwork is much more involved.  I can set those up by custom quote.  I do great work, don't waste your time or mine, pay attention to detail, and know the nonprofit laws and... I prepare state and federal paperwork for U.S. nonprofit 501c tax exempt status from idea to reality.  I also operate a full service publishing company and enjoy evaluating manuscripts, editing nonfiction, and helping authors get published.  Read More »"|"United States"|"Organizational Behavior;English Spelling;Nonprofit Formation;501c3;Tax Exempt;Legal Writing;Academic Writing;Copy Editing;Writing;Publishing"
"55"|"I am a Portuguese Lawyer living in Brazil. With more than 30 years of legal work.I am a Director of a reputed Brazilian Law Firm for international affairs and also a Director of a US financial consultancy company, LIBRA Securities LLC.I am a Member of Freelancers Union, US., Global Outsourcing Association of Lawyers (GOAL) and European Freelance Network Association (EFNA) .I participated in the following courses: University of Florida, Levin College of Law, Course in US Law, both criminal and civil (contracts); Yale University,... I have a considerable international reach through our global network of offices, extensive project management experience and longestablished correspondent law firm relationships. We have a strong corporate presence in the main trading markets, with a team of over 300 corporate lawyers on the ground in the UK, Middle East, India, Asia Pacific and North and South America. We have a solid reputation and a proven track record on crossborder transactions.I advise a wide range of commercial organizations on establishing corporate structures, corporate governance and compliance issues. We also handle advisory work for our corporate clients, advising on corporate shareholding or management structures.  I provide a full range of incorporation of companies service specially tailored for clients¿ needs, both onshore and/or offshore. Specially, we provide advice on:a)Asset financing;b)Mergers and acquisitions;c)IPOs;d)Company incorporation, organization and reorganizations;e)Establishment of operations;f)Private equity transactions;g)Tax planning;h)MBOs;i)Joint ventures;j)Real estate acquisitions and disposals;k)Ecommerce;l)Intellectual property issues;m)Due Diligence and Compliance.FINANCEThrough LIBRA Securities LLC, I provide financial advice and consultancy in all capital markets, their rules and regulations.On Trade Finance, from credit committee to drawdown, I am approached by clients for commercial riskaware advice. I work with them to develop...Read More »"|"Brazil"|"Legal Writing;Contract Law;Contract Drafting;Corporate Law;International Law;Legal Consulting;Legal Research;Translation English Portuguese"
"60"|"Attorney licensed in South Carolina.Focusing on estate planning, business formation, contracts, asset protection, and trademarking services.  LEGAL SERVICES:Business Entity Formation.Contract Drafting.Drafting Revocable Living Trusts, Irrevocable Trusts, IRA Trusts, Domestic Asset Protection Trusts, Simple Wills, and Power of Attorney documents.Review of legal documents including contracts, agreements, and all probate forms.Trademarking Services.WRITING SERVICES:Write, edit, and proofread all written matter. Article and blog writing. Read More »"|"United States"|"Legal Writing;Legal Research;Trusts Estates and Wills;Report Writing;Business Writing;English Grammar;Microsoft Word;Contract Drafting;Contract Law;Business Entity Creation;Trademarks"
"18"|"Your important project deserves more than common professionalism. I add value and make you stand out. My translation works were published in U.S. (2013), Britain and Germany (201112).I am VERY glad to help spread your precision and attraction.  I ONLY provide superior quality translation through hard work. You will get more than what you pay for. I provide ChineseEnglish translation and writing, TV/Movie voice over and market research solutions, including business/website/DTP/image translation, China research, etc. Feel free to request for more details. Every service has all5star proofs in my job history:https://www.elance.com/s/hhmwork/jobhistory/   and samples in my Portfolio:http://www.elance.com/s/hhmwork/portfolioLanguage: Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese (HK, TW, SG, etc).*Document TranslationIT (Source Code Translation), Finance, Law, Machinery, Chemistry, Medicine, Academic;*Voice OverChinese or Mandarin, Cantonese, English;*Website Translation;Website Conversion, Magento/Wordpress backend operation;*DTPInDesign localization, PDF file translation,  PPT file translation; document formula conversion; and common image, graphic translation*Marketing and ResearchSNS Research and Surveys, Business Plans, SEO, SEM, Lead Generation, Marketing Strategy;Read More »"|"China"|"Difficult Chinese Translation;Translation English Mandarin;English;Computer Skills;English Spelling;Operations Research;Online Writing;Chinese;Legal Writing;Writing"
""|"Your important project deserves more than common professionalism. I add value and make you stand out. My translation works were published in U.S. (2013), Britain and Germany (201112).I am VERY glad to help spread your precision and attraction.  I ONLY provide superior quality translation through hard work. You will get more than what you pay for. I provide ChineseEnglish translation and writing, TV/Movie voice over and market research solutions, including business/website/DTP/image translation, China research, etc. Feel free to request for more details. Every service has all5star proofs in my job history:https://www.elance.com/s/hhmwork/jobhistory/   and samples in my Portfolio:http://www.elance.com/s/hhmwork/portfolioLanguage: Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese (HK, TW, SG, etc).*Document TranslationIT (Source Code Translation), Finance, Law, Machinery, Chemistry, Medicine, Academic;*Voice OverChinese or Mandarin, Cantonese, English;*Website Translation;Website Conversion, Magento/Wordpress backend operation;*DTPInDesign localization, PDF file translation,  PPT file translation; document formula conversion; and common image, graphic translation*Marketing and ResearchSNS Research and Surveys, Business Plans, SEO, SEM, Lead Generation, Marketing Strategy;Read More »"|"China"|"Difficult Chinese Translation;Translation English Mandarin;English;Computer Skills;English Spelling;Operations Research;Online Writing;Chinese;Legal Writing;Writing"
"33"|"Bestselling author, awardwinning investigative reporter, writing coach, certified editor,and agencyrepresented children's book writer and illustrator. Member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators.With over 250 satisfied clients in just over a year, I've become one of Elance's most soughtafter editors. I consistently rank in the top 0.01 percent of all Writing and Translation providers (the top 25 of 271,000plus providers).I edit books using publishing industry standards: The Chicago Manual of Style 16th Edition,... An excerpt from a review I edited for a client published in the Examiner:\"The writing is crisp, clear and simple – none of that “hooptedoodle” John Steinbeck said got in the way of a story, when an author takes off into the wild blue yonder in some kind of masturbatory pursuit of his muse.\"I am not someone who hangs a shingle out on Elance and purports to be an editor. I am a certified book editor with inhouse publishing experience. I  am the editor for both NY Times and Amazon bestselling authors. I know where to place a comma, when to use were vs. was, and all the other confusing intricacies of grammar.I am the manuscript editor and proofreader for Readers' Favorite, and I proofread the HowTo Geek website. I am a multiaward winning writer, having received 45 awards in the past 23 years. My work has been published in both large and small newspapers and magazines, including Good Housekeeping, The New York Times, USA Today, the Oswego County Business Magazine, Today's CNY Woman, New York State Magistrates magazine, any many others. I am an agencyrepresented children's author and the ghostwriter of dozens of children's books. I am also an artist and illustrator. If you are seeking a professionally polished manuscript, you've come to the right place.I also write winning book proposals, having spent five years as an acquisitions editor. I know what a publisher and literary agent look for in a submission and I keep updated regularly with changes in editing...Read More »"|"United States"|"English Spelling;Children's Writing;Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Journalism Writing;Letter Writing;Microsoft Word;Newsletter Writing"
"30"|"Join more than 60 of America's biggest names in the retail, manufacturing and service industries who have entrusted their marketing copy to me. My talent is backed by more than 25 years of experience and success in the world where R.O.I. is king. It's also brought me a few Addy awards along the way. Copywriting: I'll create a voice and style that precisely targets your customer...or use the style already established for your brand.   • Product copy that converts description to reasontobuy   • Corporate identity, branding and information   • Print ads that get action   • eCommerce copy   • Businesstoconsumer and businesstobusinessEditing: My command of English spelling, punctuation, grammar and composition is superb. I'm the person who sees mistakes in just about every magazine, brochure or website I read. I'll find yours...and fix them.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;English;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Letter Writing;Newsletter Writing;Press Release Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Content Management;Writing"
"40"|"I am a writer, editor, and educator with over 10 years' experience specializing in creative web and print copywriting. I hold an MFA in creative writing and offer expertise in creating effective persuasive website copy, marketing materials, corporate newsletters, and researched articles. During my most recent project, I wrote copy for a major web marketing company, including over 500 websites for a broad spectrum of industries from legal and medical to construction and retail. I was designated as a recommended writer out of hundreds of... Website copywriting (industries include medical, legal, business, small business, construction, architecture, interior design, and more)Editing and proofreadingMarketing materialsCorporate newslettersLetter writing (recommendation letters, legal, awards)Academic research and writingArticles and blogsInterviewsRead More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Creative Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Proposal Writing;Copywriting;Editing;fiction editing;Business editing;Website copywriting;Letter Writing;Proofreading;Content Writing;Fiction Writing"
"22"|"As a writer, I have an abundance of skills from various positions and experiences over decades. I have earned two University degrees, worked as a columnist and copyeditor for five niche, reputable magazines, written awardwinning oneact plays, several nonfiction selfhelp books, and ghostwritten others. I was an editor for closedcaptions for Disney, and wrote sitcoms for WB. Currently I work with students on the Autism Spectrum, developing curriculum and behavior programs, while writing articles and blogs (over 500 published since Jan.... Services I provide include, but are not limited to: proofreading, article writing, ghostwriting, interviewing, researching, press releases, marketing copy, website copy, blogging, essay creation, copyediting, scriptwriting, playwriting, poetry (rhyming), Tweeting, Facebook statuses, list making, clever titles, slogans, transforming technical text into readerfriendly material, Bachelor's and Master's papers, product review, film and television review, travel (hotel, food, and sightseeing) review...Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Content Writing;Copy Editing;Blog Writing;Copywriting;English;Creative Writing;Content Management;Press Release Writing;Ghostwriting;Editorial Writing;English Spelling;English Proofreading;Letter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"44"|"With my varied background and experience, I offer my skills to enhance and enable your vision to become a reality. I was an English and public speaking teacher for 10 years. I then owned & operated a supplemental education brick & mortar business for 12 years. I have published two children's ebooks as well as a short biography about my father's experience in World War 2. I have recently been working on my voiceover skills, and I am currently creating demo reels. I have been recording the local newspaper for the visually impaired for several... I love to writecreative, narrative, factual, fun. I enjoy taking an idea and turning it in to a tangible, wellorganized, thoughtful, inspirational piece. I like to work with others designing & developing writing projects of all types. I am a great editor/reviser as well. I also utilize my teaching skills to work with others on public speaking, live panel discussions, webinars and other speaking forums. I've worked with adults in small groups as well as individuals, preparing them as needed for various public speaking engagements.  I am developing my voiceover skills to provide services from audiobook reading to character voices. I am in the process of building my home recording studio and will be able to create and send quality recordings.I believe that each assignment must be tailored to the person(s), the event, and the end product. I will work with you to understand your needs and individualize the job for you.Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Fiction Writing;Speech Writing;Letter Writing;Children's Writing;Article Writing;Editing;Voice Over;Biography Writing;Book Writing;Curriculum Development;Distance Education;Document review"
"16"|"Some of my clients have described my delivered Internet content as accurate, wellresearched, and ontime. Here are what some of my clients have said about my work:\"George always does excellent work.\"“George always does fast, accurate work. Would highly recommend to anyone.”“We can always expect top notch quality from George.”\"George is truly the King of Content.\" I can deliver the best content in the shortest amount of time. My research for writing is streamlined and I can generate a 1000+ word piece of content in a little over an... Here is a list of the services that I provide:(1) Website Articles: I can provide original Internet content for a website that contains evidencebased resources, statistics, and a convincing calltoaction, compelling a customer to purchase a company's goods and services.(2) Website and Business Reviews: I've written several reviews of businesses and websites over the years. My investigation phase will get the \"nittygritty\" on a company's contract, reputation, and corporate DNA. Ultimately, this type of writing service is great for organic search and PPC situations.(3) SEO Articles: My approach to SEO articles is unique and original. I utilize a proprietary keyword tool that aligns keywords with current news events and trending data, delivering current and relevant content that is sure to make your page appear higher on Google.(4) Blog Articles: Blog articles are more specialized than website articles. My specialty verticals for blog articles include real estate, business topics, technology, education, and home health care. My blog articles often cite statistics and take a VERY indepth look at a specific topic within a vertical. (5) Usergenerated content: Some of the best pieces of Internet content that I've authored have been \"usergenerated,\" I'll call into a company to get a firsthand customer service experience or try out a new product and write a review. Usergenerated content is one of the rising \"stars\" for driving traffic to your site.(6) Educational...Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blog Commenting;Content Writing;Copy Editing;Editorial Writing;English Proofreading;Journalism Writing;Letter Writing;Press Release Writing;Product Descriptions;Proposal Writing;Resume Writing;WIKI;Content Management;Wikipedia"
"55"|"Ivy league educated art historian, published arts author & editor providing well researched & well written copy with a quick turn around. I have a positive collaborative working style & excel at developing meaningful copy for artists and designers alike, as well as marketing copy for creative people, firms, organizations & studios. Copywriting: Art Historical/ Critical author contributions; press releases; book forewords; articles; artist profiles; biographies; product copy. As a private consultant, I work with various private,... Customized High Calibre Text for Every ClientWebsite & Print Copy: About Us profiles, Professional Profiles, Biographies, Press Releases, Product Descriptions, Blogs, Articles & other sales driven copy for arts & creative clients: including artists, poets, filmmakers, crafts, jewelry, costume design, dance, furniture & interior designers. Editorial & Writing: Research & editing services for projects such as creative, antique and arts sales text, artist biographies, commercial gallery websites, gallery print copy & exhibit wall text; fine art websites (auction, antiques, galleries); fine art or artist exhibition & grant proposals.Books:Editing of text and captioning, foreword or introductions, contributions. CV upon request. I do not flake out or dissapear so be assured I shall commit to your project. Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Editing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Legal Writing;Letter Writing;Press Release Writing;Proofreading"
"12"|"I am a highly professional Online Marketing Manager, with excellent communication skills and easy to work with. I have a strong background in all aspects of online marketing, interactive strategy and eCommerce. Accomplished at creative development, social media accounts management and project management.I am a highly proficient English speaker. I used to work as a freelance translator to translate film/TV drama subtitles from English to Chinese for nonEnglish speaking communities and also people with hearing impairment. Besides this, I..."|"China"|"Blog Commenting;Blog Writing;Business Writing;Cantonese;Chinese;Translation Chinese English;Editing;English;Translation English Chinese;Letter Writing;Mandarin;Online Writing;Product Descriptions;Resume Writing;Reviews"
"40"|"With over seven years of experience as a freelance writer, editor, and communications consultant, I'm an expert in producing strong, clear prose and meticulously copy edited documents. My body of work includes the development and polishing of marketing/PR materials, press releases, marketing/sales campaigns, and ad copy in both nonprofit and corporate environments; the creation of sharp website copy and engaging blog content for a diverse range of industries; writing, ghostwriting, and editing articles and industry/business profiles;... I am available for a variety of writing, editing, communications, marketing, and administrative contract work. There is no job too large or too small  I'm open to both brief, shortterm projects as well as longer, more consistent assignments, and I have an interest in all types of work. Whether I'm contributing to creative or academic writing or copy editing instruction manuals, I'm always able to find something engaging about what I'm doing.I pride myself on developing a strong and communicative relationship with each of my clients in order to ensure they're receiving a finished product that meets their expectations. I'm focused, detailoriented, and driven to create an outstanding finished product for every person with whom I work. I offer negotiable, tiered pricing for all of my assignments so that even clients on a budget can benefit from my writing and editing services.An MFA creative writing graduate from George Mason University with a BA in English, I've published creative, academic, and technical writing in more than two dozen professional magazines and journals. I work currently as an adjunct professor of English at Indiana University Southeast and Ivy Tech Community College; tutor high school students as a writing specialist in English, writing, and ACT/SAT prep; and work as a freelance writer/editor for dozens of publications and individual clients. My prior experience working as the Advertising Manager for the Association of Writing and Writing Programs...Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;Technical Writing;English Grammar;Creative Writing;Editing;English Proofreading;Academic Writing;Resume Writing;Grant Writing;Article Writing;Report Writing;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Letter Writing"
"27"|"I have more than 15 years of freelance writing experience and 14 years experience in nonprofit management, communications and public relations.With eight years of grant writing experience, I raised more than $40,000 in new grant money her first year as a nonprofit Executive Director. With more than 125 articles published online through Demand Media and other online content, I have significant experience creating Constant Contact email newsletters, writing press releases, speeches, newsletter and magazine articles and have contributed... Grant WritingConstant ContactNewsletter WritingArticle WritingWeb Content WritingBusiness LettersLetters of Recommendation and ReferralsWedding/Funeral ProgramsObituariesEvent ScriptsBusiness ProfilesOther Read More »"|"United States"|"Grant Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;Communications;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;English Grammar;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Letter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Online Writing;Press Release Writing;Proposal Writing"
"11"|"I have completed dozens of writing jobs and created hundreds of articles on everything from dating to diet pills, with a specialty for writing articles focusing on relationships, health and nutrition, literature, music and art, and tourism.  I strive to infuse my articles with a mixture of high and popular culture, citing everything from Bach to the Beatles and Macbeth to Mean Girls (where appropriate) to make articles interesting, stylish, and get them trending.  In addition, I have excellent feedback on Elance, a great deal of experience..."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Microsoft Word;Microsoft PowerPoint;Windows XP Administration;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Content Writing;Speech Writing;Feature Writing;Letter Writing"
"44"|"Professional Writers' Alliance Member in Good Standing. (See Portfolio)Let's discuss how to bring your sales desires to life and turn prospects into happy, loyal customers. You don't need headlines that simply get them to view your landing page  you need copy that drives them to buy your product NOW! Your success is my success, and that means your satisfaction is my sole mission. I bring quality and professionalism to every single job. Efficiency is a key value in my work ethic, and I will seek to reduce hours spent to the greatest... I prefer writing the sales letters, ad copy, web copy, and direct response copy that nets you the results you need in order to take your business to the next level. I know it can be difficult to wade through all of the bids and bidder profiles, expending your valuable time in the process. It's just not simple, contrary to popular belief, and I appreciate the value of your time and consideration.With my varied background, I know that my writing can fit all of your needs. My versatility will benefit you by providing the unique edge you need to sell your products and services.You don't need a cookiecutter project written especially quickly, you need individualized attention because your goals are of the utmost importance. If you're looking for a writer with great \"soft skills\" and who will cater to your every need, then look no further. I can't wait to \"meet\" you and discuss how I can put my talents to work for you. You'll receive no less than 110% of my effort, passion, and motivation, and your project will have my *undivided* attention. Currently, I'm only accepting one project at a time until further notice. Use the green \"Hire Me\" button up top to invite me to apply for your job. I can't wait to see what kinds of projects you need delivered on point and on time.Read More »"|"United States"|"Copywriting;Sales Writing;Sales Letters;Newsletter Writing;Report Writing;Content Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing;Resume Writing;Military;User's Guide Writing;Online Writing;Letter Writing;Grant Writing;Creative Writing"
"26"|"My name is Aaron Spencer.  I was born in frigid Anchorage, AK on December 20, 1984.  I enjoyed that beautiful country until about age ten, from which time middle Tennessee has been my home.  I married the first girl I fell in love with.  My wife and I have six children whom we love.  Life is good.  I graduated from college in 2006.  I worked during and after college for five years in the realm of tutoring and education.  I then spent three years living in Mexico as a missionary.  I am currently back in middle Tennessee teaching high school..."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Lyrics Writing;Poetry;Online Writing;English;English Spelling;Translation English Spanish;Translation Spanish English"
"10"|"I am a creative writer with a flair for poetry, drama, metaphor and humor, with a keen eye for detail. I'm fortunate to play host to a vivid imagination that takes me on regular flights of fantasy to explore the exciting world of literature. I offer exceptional, efficient and timely responses to creative writing assignments as well as editing and proofreading tasks. If you're looking for a wellcooked piece, spiced with drama and romance and dressed with a touch of humor, look no further because I have just the recipe that you need. I can offer beautiful, engaging and imaginative poetry to bring your thoughts to life. I can use a varied mix of descriptional, conversational and metaphorical poetry to describe your ideas from different points of view, allowing you to really communicate all that you intend to through the medium of verse.My experience as an archivist involved maintaining detailed and errorfree records and my proofreading, typing and editing skills have been honed to a high level of perfection.I am available on call at all times during the day and can guarantee a response within 3 hours of your request. Customer satisfaction is of utmost importance to me and I will stop at nothing to ensure that you get the very best that I can offer!Read More »"|"India"|"Poetry;Lyrics Writing;Creative Writing;Aviation;English;Article Writing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Transcription"
"38"|"I'm the author of fiftyfive published books in various genres and former copublisher of Los Hombres Press. I was editorinchief of one literary journal, and  poetry editor of another. I edited two magazines, one regional and one for seniors. II've ghosted about thirty books and have edited/rewritten many others.A former newspaper journalist, I have a Ph.D. degree in theatre and started an extensive program in playwriting at Montclair State. About forty of my plays have been published/and or produced, including OffBroadway. I also..."|"Mexico"|"Creative Writing;Editing;English;Academic Writing;Children's Writing;Fiction Writing;Journalism Writing;Lyrics Writing;Poetry;Script Writing;Writing;Article Writing;Digital Painting;English Grammar;English Punctuation"
"18"|"A skilled writer and translator from Norway.I have a long experience translating texts from English to Norwegian, including technical guides, articles, apps etc. I have also worked with Wordpress and I'm experienced with SEO.I have a good understanding of both the Norwegian and English language. I have a good eye for detail, and I write simple and effective.Most of the year I live in Morocco, then I spend the summers hitchhiking around in Europe. I write articles about travel, psychology and music. I'm also working on a memoir about my years as a hitchhiker. Next winter I will hitchhike to India, and write while I'm on the road. I can translate texts from EnglishNorwegian and NorwegianEnglish. I can also translate from Danish and Swedish to English.(see my Odesk profile for more references)https://www.odesk.com/users/~018f944e6bf7365b4eRead More »"|"Norway"|"Translation English Norwegian;Article Writing;Creative Writing;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Lyrics Writing;Norwegian;Translation Norwegian English;Translation;Travel Writing"
"22"|"Written, musical and vocal content at affordable rates.Writing  lyrics, jingles, creative writing, relaxation/meditation scripts, selfhelp scriptsMusic  songwriting, audio production (tracking and mixing), singingVocal  Commercials, meditative/relaxation scripts, audio books, etc. I have always loved the written word.  Since I was a young child, I have been fascinated with the ways in which words combine to express new ideas, to share experiences, and to promote understanding, empathy and knowledge.  Combined with a love of music, my love of language has led to almost two decades of songwriting, from the writing of the lyrics to the composition and recording of the music.While songwriting has always been my first love, I also excel at other forms of expression.  I pride myself on the ability to express ideas and thoughts in concrete, comprehensible language that conveys meaning without clouding the message. As far as music production, I have been recording and performing for over sixteen years.  I am an accomplished keyboard player, and have also picked up some guitar and bass along the way.  I work in a professionally equipped studio, enabling me to create high quality musical and vocal productions.  I have released one album for digital distribution, and have also produced a variety of recordings combining ambient relaxation music with spoken words for use in therapeutic relaxation sessions.When working on projects, I have found that the key to success is having a clear understanding of my clients' needs.  This requires attention to detail, clear communication, and, mostly the ability to listen to what clients are saying.  Having worked for the past fourteen years as a therapist in a variety of clinical settings, this is a skill I have honed...Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Music;Voice Talent;Lyrics Writing;Musical composition;Audio Production;English;Article Writing;Online Writing;Business Writing;English Grammar"
"11"|" translation, editing, subtitling. eight years of experience in translation services; native speaker of Ukrainian and Russian; Master Degree in Linguistics (English); Translation from any language into Ukrainian/Russian and vice versa.Also available audio/video transcription/translation and subtitling in English, French, Russian, Ukrainian.Working with Trados translation tools.Read More »"|"Ukraine"|"Editing;English;Translation English Russian;Linguistics;Lyrics Writing;Microsoft Word;Poetry;Russian Language;Translation;Translation Ukrainian English"
"22"|"I spent my childhood composing short stories and poetry, and today maintain the same drive to craft alternate worlds via creative writing...as well as to assist other writers to shape their own voices. At Connecticut College, I received a B.A. in English, and at UMass Boston earned my MEd and teaching certification. In the spring of 2012, I completed a Master of English degree, also at UMass, then began the MFA program at Emerson College as a Dean's Fellow the following September. As an English teacher of 14 years at a private... Send me your articles, academic essays, personal statements, resumes, cover letters, short stories, and blogs via email  I will evaluate your prose for grammatical correctness and stylistic consistency, clarity of expression and organizational integrity.  I can pose questions to urge your imaginative process along and offer suggestions for adding and revising content.  I can also write website copy, blog posts, creative vignettes, and short stories.Read More »"|"United States"|"Editing;Creative Writing;Informative Writing;Blogging;Content Writing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Lyrics Writing;Microsoft Word;Non-Fiction Writing;Poetry;Word Processing;Fiction Writing"
"25"|"French native speaker (France), holds a PhD in Literature and French Culture. She is a Sworn translator. She does French proofreading and translating from English or Dutch into French. To ensure quality she concentrate on the French language and is very concerned about deadlines and accuracy.  Reliable, accurate and fast worker.  French native speaker (France) and speaks Dutch and English as well. She can translate for you from English and Dutch to French.As an experienced writer (more than 30 high quality books published) she will write any content accordingly to your preferences.Can conduct research on many topics as well and put the result in a comprehensible way for you.She is a very decent book and article editor with a long publications list on her CV.Read More »"|"France"|"French;Translation English French;Academic Writing;Proofreading;Ghostwriting;French native speaker;academic researcher;Content Management;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;literary critic;Lyrics Writing;Poetry;Content Writing;Journalism Writing"
"5"|"Hello, everyone! What can I say, I'm mathematician, because it's sort of family tradition, but also I'm writer and animator, because it's my personal decision. I enjoy writing stories different then anything I've ever read, but more then anything else, I prefer songwriting. English is not my native language, but I assure you, you won't notice a big difference(true, my knowledge of local street terms is not very well).Anyway, I'm very hardworking and creative, and if that is what you needI'm right person for you.Best wishes to you all!"|"Serbia"|"Creative Writing;Lyrics Writing;Fiction Writing;Cartooning;Article Writing;Ilustration;English;English Grammar"
"22"|"Proofreading, Editing, Formatting, Manuals, Handbooks, Novels, Manuscripts, BackoftheBook Indexing, Thesis,  Doctoral Dissertations, APA Style PROOFREADING | EDITING | FORMATTING | TYPING | BOOK INDEXINGRead More »"|"United States"|"English Proofreading;Editing;Creative Writing;Script Writing;English Grammar;English Spelling;Copy Editing;Lyrics Writing;Screenwriting"
"18"|"Hello! My name is Georgia. I am a creative content writer, songwriter, screenwriter, transcriber and author. I provide writing, editing, proofing, review, transcription and translation services. I'm here to help you create and organize content and tell your story.FORMAT:Article ~ BlogBook ~ EbookRecipe ~ InstructionSong ~ Lyrics ~ Prose ~ PoetryStory ~ Narrative ~ ScriptSynopsis ~ Outline Transcription ~ Translation (to English only)EXPERTISE:Love ~ Relationships ~ Marriage ~ ParentingPersonal Growth ~ Personal Empowerment ~... Create original content for articles, blogs, websites,magazines, ebooks and other digital/print media.*Niche: health, wellness, nutrition, fitness, diet, recipes, relationship, love, marriage, parenting, personal growth, selfhelp, spirituality Develop, write, format, edit and proof fiction and nonfiction work.Create, edit and proof professionally formatted scripts and screenplays.Transcribe and translate audio files and handwritten documents.Create original song lyrics and contribute creative content to existing lyrics.* Genres: pop, rock, indie, alternative, folk, country, blues, hip hop, EDM, r&b, neo soul, theatrical, children's, etc.Create original prose/poetry.Read More »"|"United States"|"Ghostwriting;Content Writing;Creative Writing;Recipe Writing;Article Writing;Transcription;Translation;ebook Writing;Lyrics Writing;Song Writing"
"11"|"“Blown away with this freelancers creative writing skill\" jbob2kFor one year, I have focused on the quality of writing to make it more lively and vivid. To sum it up, what I write is like a dream, well constructed and leaving readers to realize and spend three long seconds of longing after reading it. Not long after, comes the sense of fulfillment and happiness of time well spent.My love of twists and turns, shock and awe is clearly seen in my stories. The cliff hangers I create leave readers begging for the next episodes. My former... I follow the OneJobatatime concept giving me more time to focus on your needs and making it easier to communicate with you.I take details very seriously. If something is not to your liking, I morph it into what you want. Prices are negotiable and so are deadlines. I do of course make sure that the deadlines I take up are accomplishable. I check messages every one or two days, meaning that  I will respond immediately to any inquiry you send.Read More »"|"Philippines"|"Content Writing;Fiction Writing;Lyrics Writing;Poetry;Short Story Writing"
"16"|"Professional, over 20 years experience in Science & Health Writing, Proofreading, Translation EN>SP. Education. Journalism. Web. Books. Articles. Apps. Brochures. Press. If you are looking for someone that understands the terminology related to Science, Health, Environment and Nature, I offer my professional services to you as a specialized Journalist and educator in these topics. I write in Spanish and translate EN to neutral SPANISH so it's understood by the wide Spanish speaking community worldwide, suggesting the tone and style you... I like my profession and my work, I enjoy being a freelancer, to be in personal contact with my clients, to know about their projects and achieve the best results for both of us. I commit with my jobs, each one is a new challenge. I learn from each job, and from each client, I get involved in each project. That's the way I like to work.My work is based on serious and reliable sources of information, a solid scientific professional background, and 20 years experience in Communication and Science Education in middle and high school.  My writing and translation work is \"human\" and includes the edition and revision of the text, to give you a finished original product, accurate and professional, ready to be published, with special detail in grammar, punctuation, spelling, and providing the tone and style you need according to your specific project and audience. I offer you: ENGLISH TO SPANISH TRANSLATION, SPANISH PROOFREADING & EDITION SPANISH WRITINGSPANISH TRANSCRIPTION (spanish audio to spanish text).Applied to: Books, Articles, Web content, Applications (web, phone), Brochures, Newsletters, Research / Educational documents. For web content I apply SEO knowledge.   You will receive the work in time, and according to the guidelines. I'm specialized in writing / proofreading / translating about: Health / Medicine  Fitness / Yoga / Sport / WellnessScience / Biology Nutrition / Diet  / Weight LossBiotechnology / Genetics Ecology / Environment...Read More »"|"Argentina"|"Translation English Spanish;Medical Writing;Spanish;Science & Health;Environmental science;Elance;English;English Spelling;Diet & Nutrition;Biology & Biotechnology;Fitness & Sport;Translation Spanish English"
"38"|"Top 1% of writers on Elance. My writing experiences include a spec script for the CBS show Two and a Half Men and the new show Whitney. My business writing career has included writing for the Lance Armstrong Foundation and National Brain Tumor Society. I have worked with Elance for over 9 years and am committed to meeting my clients needs. Including creative writing, Search Engine Optimized articles, news articles, resumes, academic research papers, white papers, and word processing.  Extensive experience in travel writing throughout the... I'm here to meet all your needs and will work closely with you to ensure every detail of your project is completed exactly as requested. Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Email;English;Marketing;Public Relations;Computer Skills;Human Resource Management;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Technical Writing;Fiction Writing;Writing;Medical Writing;Children's Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"11"|"Hello, I'm Mohammed Nabhan, M.D., certified Palestinian physician, I'm a native Arabic speaker with great writing skills and creative rewriter, fluent in English spoken and written skills.I've wrote and participated in lots of Medical researches and studies during my 7 years of studying at AinShams medschool, Egypt, and during my internship year at Palestinian hospitals."|"Palestine"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Medical Transcription;Medical Records Research;Medical Writing;Translation English Arabic;English"
"41"|"With rich experience of working with entrepreneurs, startups, students and project managers, I bring expertise in Strategy formulation and Business Writing.As a qualified Engineer and a premier BSchool MBA, I have worked with some top MNCs in consulting positions, before turning to entrepreneurship. As proprietor at Dalal Engineering Services, I understand the nuances of business problems and assist my clients with innovative solutions. I believe in Honesty, Diligence and Professionalism. Outsourcing brings expertise with a cost... 1. Curriculum Design and Academic Writing  I always find a student in myself, the one who likes to understand complex concepts in a simple, more comprehendible manner. When I design training and curriculum material for senior executives, recipients and students, I always think from the recipient's point of view and strive to create value through presentation.2. English Proofreading and Editing  Wordsmith. My approach is to always keep your readers in mind and produce edited documents that leads to desired action / portrays intended image in their perception. I am aware of various styles of proofreading but keep it simple and impactful for clients and get the 'job done well' remark.3. Business Plan and Strategy formulation  Being qualified and experienced MBA from premier BSchool, I dedicate myself to develop BPlans that help my clients receive VC / Angel funding and formulate successful strategies. I specialize in Competitive Landscape Analysis, Market Landscape Analysis, Target Segment Identification and Marketing Strategy formulation among others.4. Business Writing  As a professional writer I am adept at creating articles, campaign content, pitches and presentations. I follow the FAB (Feature, Advantage and Benefit) model of writing which is most appreciated by my clients and well received by their customers.5. Internet Research  Although market research is quintessential element for BPlan creation, I provide separate service for customers who require...Read More »"|"India"|"Business Writing;Medical Writing;Academic Writing;Business Planning;English Proofreading;Business Analysis;Market Research;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Virtualization"
"22"|"Hey there everyone!I was born in Ukraine in Russianspeaking family, so that's why I'm both native Russian and Ukrainian speaker. I'm holder of Master's degree in Radiophysics and Computer Engineering, thus I  have been studying and practicing  technical English for six years in the University. I provide EnglishRussian/Ukrainian and vice versa translations. I specialize in scientific translations: scientific articles, abstracts, research and investigations summaries, PSURs and other kind of reports on different disciplines (medicine,... Hiring me would be the best choice for you if you are in need of mix of highquality, competent and appropriate translation and a good value.My business area covers different themes and content. I have experience in translation of articles, website content, documents, specifications etc., in subtitling and transcribing audio and video files, in proofreading and text editing.  I always use additional materials and literature, which is necessary for skilled and competent translation, and providing appropriate terminology with maintenance of subjectmatter and other technical or specific details. You can be absolutely sure about the outlined task execution and its quality. And about the fact, that it will be finished due to date. Read More »"|"Ukraine"|"Translation English Russian;Russian Language;Translation English Ukrainian;Translation Ukrainian English;Ukrainian;MATLAB;Mathematics;English;Adobe Illustrator;Adobe Illustrator CS6;Medical Writing;Recipe Writing;Tourism;Translation;Translation English Ukranian"
"71"|"I am a UK based freelancer specialising in medical and pharmaceutical research and copywriting. I work with a range of clients at different stages of their projects, whether it be scoping out a large research project or the final stage editorial process. However you choose to work, and whatever size your project, I offer a professional, diligent service, adding value through deep subject knowledge, meticulous research skills, and a commitment to developing a clear understanding of your needs.I have worked for a range of big name clients... I provide the following services.Healthcare Research*Evidence reviews for journal articles, theses, academic professionals, and individual businesses (inc. systematic reviews, metaanalysis, desktop and library research, conducting interviews, reporting from conferences or meetings)Topical writing *Opeds on contemporary health, social care, and medical current affairs* Health and Social Care Practice, Policy and Strategy* Public Health, Current Affairs and Public / Social Policy* Grant and Proposal Writing / Consulting* Speeches and lectures for scientific meetings, conferences and symposia* Assisting ESL / EAL clients (research, writing and spoken word)Specific Documents*Websites*Elearning training materials*Digital content*Patient information*Professional education*Newsletters*Media materials*Toolkits*Reports*Interviews*Case studies*Supplements*Meeting reports*Magazines *Policy briefs*Proposals*Annual reportsI am also a published academic author and can provide advice on editing, developmental editing, and compliance with journal guidelines and criteria. I regularly proof, develop and translate documents for a range of healthcare professionals who speak English as a second language and are looking to publish in the US or UK. I can write copy from scratch or join you halfway through a project if you don't have the time or can't see the wood for the trees. I am a fully qualified PRINCE2 / MSP (Managing Successful Programmes) practitioner...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Content Writing;Copy Editing;English;Academic Writing;Medical Writing;Medical Editing;Grant Writing;Business Planning;Proposal Writing;Transcription"
"25"|"Native English speaker with experience writing and editing articles, fiction/nonfiction manuscripts, academic publications, and technical/scientific pieces. As a member of the National Association of Science Writers, I apply my skills to all projects with attention to detail and spectacular grammar, all delivered at a rapid pace. I have extensive experience in researching, drafting, editing, and proofreading diverse content to ensure errorfree and engaging final products. I've completed projects for major pharmaceutical companies,... My work with industry professionals offers me an inside perspective on publishing, both as an editor and as a writer. I have the privilege of working as your advocate, helping you make your content as powerful as possible.My writing and researching services include:  Brainstorming topic angles  Researching a topic via authoritative sources  Outlining  Drafting early components of a project Providing a cohesive structure for multiple ideas  Formatting content and/or references for stylistic consistency in the manual of your choice (MLA, AP, AMA, Chicago, or APA) Ensuring factual excellence   Polishing content according to English language conventions (US or UK) My editing and proofreading services include:  Meticulously reworking content for grammatical accuracy Formatting content and/or references for stylistic consistency in the manual of your choice (MLA, AP, AMA, Chicago, or APA) Factchecking Reducing wordiness  Providing a consistent voice Smoothing transitions between topics Correcting punctuation and spelling errors  Polishing content according to English language conventions (US or UK) Tracking all changes in Microsoft Word Preparing manuscripts, essays, or books for publication according to journalspecific guidelines as provided Suggesting creative improvements such as character development, plot progression, etc.For scientific or technical articles, I also promise an appreciation for and understanding of relevant...Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Microsoft Word;Academic Writing;English Grammar;English Spelling;Copy Editing;English Punctuation;Medical Writing;Proofreading;Medical Terminology"
"30"|"I increase your profit with awesome texts, via writing, editing or translating. Texts are your bridge to your customers. Better texts bring in more customers and make your products sell better. They also reflect back on you and your company. Good texts show your professionality and trustworthiness.My qualifications: I am a native speaker of German with a Bachelor in German and a Master in Linguistics (grade: 1.0, the top mark).  I combine my linguistic education with an excellent feeling for language and grammar with years of... Regardless of wether I write, edit or translate, I produce texts that are: natural coherent and clearly structured easy to read and to understand (last but not least!) elegantI specialize in several topics: health, medicine & biology travel & tourism IT, software & programmingSome advantages of working with me: I have high standards: You will get a great piece of work. I will form the text regarding your wishes. You want a simplified version, a summary, a more scientific version etc.? No problem! I am extremly flexible regarding time and working hours.If you would like me to do a small sample work for you to show my abilities, I am happy to do it for a reduced price!Read More »"|"Germany"|"Content Writing;Translation English German;Academic Writing;German;German Proofreading;WordPress;Blogging;Medical Writing;Copywriting;Search Engine Optimization (SEO)"
"110"|"As an experienced freelance writer on Elance and top graduate of an American medical school and residency program, I have the knowledge and skill to confidently complete your medical writing  project. My work includes medical course development, medical education, exam question composition, medical and technical journal writing, eBooks, and academic writing. I provide high quality content and blogs for a variety of clients on Elance and independently. I promise professional results to meet your needs within a rapid and reliable... I provide high quality technical, academic, and medical writing for any audience and in any format. I have a broad and deep knowledge of medical topics, with board certification in Emergency Medicine and a strong background in Internal Medicine and Family Practice. As a freelance writer, my strengths include communication with my clients, accessibility, and customer service. I provide compelling yet accessible copy on all topics in medicine and healthcare.I am available to complete your project in a timely manner to your complete satisfaction. I have published multiple Ebooks, website content, blogs, and online course content, including board review questions. With wideranging resources for research and background information, my work reflects current knowledge and practice. I can provide professional and compelling powerpoint presentations for your personal or business use.  My knowledge and expertise extend to other areas, including legal writing, dental copy, naturopathic content, press releases, academic dissertations, general website content, lifestyle commentary, and product review.Read More »"|"United States"|"Medical degree - comprehensive knowledge of medicine;Medical Writing;Technical Writing;Research;Medical Education Content;Healthcare and Medical Blogs;Academic Writing;Article Rewriting;Article Writing;Biography Writing"
"55"|"When  you need content for your blog, website, or small business you want the job done right the first time. As an experienced copywriter and certified inbound marketing professional I can help you to find exactly what you've been looking for. Let me help you to make your project a success from start to finish with a variety of services to fit your needs.I provide:Web contentMarketing ServicesMedical writingBlogging ServicesSEO Keyword Competitor Analysis Realty specific marketingInvestment specific MarketingTechnology... I am able to provide the following services:Web ContentArticle WritingSEO (content services)Social Media MarketingEmail MarketingMarketingeBayProduct DescriptionsBloggingGhost WritingI provide quality content to my clients specification and needs. I offer rapid turn around times as well if necessary and I want clients to be 100% satisfied with the best experience possible.Web content is provided at a rate of $200 pages for sites of 5 web pages and under. Sites up to 20 web pages are written at a rate of $400. This includes SEO keyword analysis of up to 5 competitor sites of your choosing. Sites with more than 20 web pages will require a custom quote. Please contact me for more information. SEO  monthly maintenance is $50 regardless of site size.All articles are written at a flat fee of $40 per 500 words. Prices quoted are actual earnings. This does not include Elance fees. Please do not set the total price as my quote or I will not accept the terms of your project. All projects must be funded in Elance Escrow before any work will be started. Failing to do so may delay the completion of your project. I am available Monday through Friday with limited weekend availability on a case by case basis. All messages received on weekends will be answered by Monday afternoon at 5 pm EST. Messages received during weekdays will be answered with 24 hours. I check emails at 10 am and 4 pm on weekdays and at noon on the weekends. If you have an...Read More »"|"United States"|"Medical Writing;Ghostwriting;Article Writing;English Grammar;Marketing;Social Media Marketing;Internet Marketing;Copywriting;Microsoft PowerPoint;Google AdWords;Google Analytics;Search Engine Optimization (SEO)"
"33"|"Founded in 2003, Gemini Writing Services provides experienced and professional writing and editorial services. Timely and affordable content creation, ghostwriting and editorial services in educational, medical and health, science or niche fields.  Gemini Writing Services include over 10 years of experience in:* article writing* ghostwriting fiction and nonfiction works* online course development* website content development* blogging* press releases* editing services* medical content* Degree in health information management and technology and work experience in the healthcare industry.* Over 10 years experience as a freelance writer and editor with over 300 completed projects delivered on time.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Editing;Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Medical Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Online Writing;Press Release Writing;Content Management;Writing"
"16"|"Registered Nurse with 30 years of experience. Sue uses her expertise to reach out to readers following your exact specifications. Excellent grammar, spelling and attention to detail. Professional and available seven days a  week. "|"United States"|"Content Writing;English;English Proofreading;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Creative Writing;English Grammar;Writing;Blog Writing;Medical Writing;Microsoft Word;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Customer Service;Christian devotions and Bible research"
"18"|"Dear all Clients on Elance !Thanks for visiting my profile.I am a Pharmacist and professional writer.I have a Master's degree in Pharmacology. I always try to produce goodquality content with good research. For this, I spend too much time in research. I have more than two years experience about article writing and rewriting, blog content writing, editing and proofreading.I have six academic research papers published in different international journals.I am familiar with different citation styles like APA,MALA,AMA,Harvard,Chicago and... I have been working in Square Pharmaceuticals Limited  as a content provider, proofreader, research writer and editor for health websites. I can provide SEO work on every topic imaginable, with an emphasis on nutrition, fitness, sports, medicine, press releases, and article rewriting. I' am happy to produce patient information articles/leaflets, detailed drug descriptions, medical/ dental conditions, or anything which requires an indepth knowledge of the topic combined with an ability to present it in a concise and clear manner..I am familiar with different citation styles like APA,MALA,AMA,Harvard,Chicago and Turabian.I have  following skills: • Ability to understand the purpose and requirements of a project• Write with scientific accuracy• Excellent attention to detail• Ability to work within team, as well as independently• Ability to effectively communicate with various people involved in the research, writing and publishing processes• Good time management skills, and able to meet deadlines• Able to use language and grammar that is appropriate to the audience• Knowing where to search for authentic sources, and perform thorough research• Able to interpret and present data in a logical manner• Able to follow copyright laws and not plagiarize the work of othersCAREER SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE• Research Medical neuroscience• Grants Medical histology • Budgeting Medical physiology • Planning Medical photography • Presentations Medical Anatomy• Curriculum...Read More »"|"Bangladesh"|"English Spelling;English;WordPress;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft PowerPoint;Microsoft Word;Report Writing;Internet Research;Medical Writing;Proofreading"
"25"|"I have over 30 years experience in the publishing/writing industry, working as everything from an inhouse editor to an investigative reporter to a novelist to a medical/technical writer to a screenwriter. I've been an independent contractor for 24 years working as a freelance editor (developmental and line editing), writer (fiction and nonfiction), ghostwriter, and copy editor. I'm able to see the big picture in a piece of writing as well as being diligent about the details. As a novelist, I appreciate the music of language and the... I provide editing, writing, copy editing, ghostwriting, story consultant, and research services. I've written and edited novels, screenplays, memoirs, political essays, marketing reports, grant proposals, resumes, and medical/biomedical research. I've worked as an interviewer and investigative journalist. My goal is to help create the product that you envision in a timely fashion. I consider myself a flexible, innovative, and insightful person who can assist in shaping your project into your expectation. My aim as an editor is to make the writer's work as vivid and compelling as possible while maintaining its unique voice and tone. To this end, I edit for structure, clarity, flow, plausibility, consistency of voice, transitions, character development, etc., as well as assuring that grammar, spelling, punctuation, etc. are correct.  I have years of experience editing and coaching writers for whom English isn't their native language.As a writer and ghostwriter, I take direction from the client and we work together to create your story.Read More »"|"United States"|"Editing;Copy Editing;Writing;Ghostwriting;Creative Writing;Medical Writing;Report Writing;Research;Quark Xpress;Transcription"
"20"|"Are you looking for an editor who has impeccable grammar and an extreme eye for detail, who works quickly yet accurately? Or how about a writer with medical, sales, academic and content experience? I am ranked in the top 5% of Elance service providers. My interests and experience span health and wellness, nutrition, medicine, and all things related to food and cooking. I am a native English speaker with over 15 years of experience in freelance print and digital proofreading, editing, and writing for healthcare advertising agencies,... I am available for freelance proofreading, copy editing, or copywriting jobs. My specialties are medical/pharmaceutical and life sciences, including nutrition and oncology. I am well versed in MS Word and Acrobat Pro and have current versions of both. Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Copywriting;Editing;English;English Grammar;Medical Writing;Microsoft Word;Proofreading;Medical Transcription;Copy Editing"
"60"|"I am a bestselling author of eleven books and have been writing professionally for over ten years. I write novels in a number of genres (comedy, horror, suspense, fantasy) and short stories in all genres. I also have an abundance of experience writing articles, news, content, reviews, descriptions and blogs on a wide variety of topics.I have picked up a few tricks along the way and, as well as writing your book, I can also help you publish it and promote it. I provide creative writing services, from Ghostwriting to Content Writing and everything in between. I can also offer help with ebook marketing. Samples of my work are available on request.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Creative Writing;Article Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Copywriting;Online Writing;Blogging;English;Email;Content Writing;Writing;Sales Writing;English Spelling;Internet Marketing"
"38"|"Top 1% of writers on Elance. My writing experiences include a spec script for the CBS show Two and a Half Men and the new show Whitney. My business writing career has included writing for the Lance Armstrong Foundation and National Brain Tumor Society. I have worked with Elance for over 9 years and am committed to meeting my clients needs. Including creative writing, Search Engine Optimized articles, news articles, resumes, academic research papers, white papers, and word processing.  Extensive experience in travel writing throughout the... I'm here to meet all your needs and will work closely with you to ensure every detail of your project is completed exactly as requested. Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Email;English;Marketing;Public Relations;Computer Skills;Human Resource Management;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Technical Writing;Fiction Writing;Writing;Medical Writing;Children's Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"33"|"An experienced, creative and welltraveled writer and teacher with an Oxford  University degree and a doctorate. Providing consistently successful, highquality novels for my clients has seen my Elance ranking rise into the top 100. I have extensive writing, publishing, proofreading, teaching and music experience, and have taught in schools and universities on three continents. Having written a dozen highquality works of fiction, I understand the complete process, from brainstorming and planning, through to proofreading and formatting... My novels for Elance clients have resulted in strong book sales and positive reviews on a number of highprofile bookseller platforms. Paying close attention to the needs of my clients, and communicating frequently and openly with them, I have built a solid reputation for elegant prose, exciting plots and believable characters. My main focus has been science fiction and military adventure.I also provide expert proofreading of academic, sales and marketing documents, with particular focus on appropriate style, correct grammar, spelling, punctuation, formatting and choice of vocabulary. In the past, I have been invited to write on topics including meditation and mindfulness, technology and business, and classical music, in which I have a doctorate. With a strong ESL teaching background, I continue to produce classroom and assignment materials on a range of topics, supported by teachers' notes and methodological essays.Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"40"|"\"Shannon is an outstanding writer.  Completely reliable, great communication, great with direction and deadlines.  I highly recommend her and would hire her back in a heartbeat!\"LauraAstra\"Need more traffic on your website? Need content written faster and better? ShannonWatson should be at the top of your list. She handled my projects with high quality and fast turn around. Her knowledge of SEO helped position my articles for higher traffic. \"JimU157“My project was very detailed and last minute. I needed website content revised and... My experiences with writing really run the gamut:  health/fitness, press releases, consumer debt, product reviews, and education are just a few of the niches in which I have recently written content.   I'm also highly experienced with rewriting: I can take nearly any topic and make it completely original (for honest purposes only, please!)  or make your piece the best it possibly can be.I'm a Top Contributor (90+ reviews, 40,000+ page views!) on TripAdvisor.  I really LOVE all things travel, especially related to traveling on a budget, with a family, or hacks to make life easier.I also deeply enjoy writing about real estate, credit/personal finance, and psychology.  My partner when it comes to technical writing, SEO, social media, or anything IT is Rob of Webidextrous; with 20+ years in the field (and some serious writing chops himself!), he's got his finger on the pulse of all things techie!If you are blogging on Wordpress, I'm glad to post directly into your account if you prefer; otherwise, I can easily format in Google Docs as I write based on your specifications, including images as desired.I pride myself on being dependable, punctual, friendly, and flexible.  I have also done a considerable amount of customer service in my work with exchange students and their schools/families.I get a little thrill each time I sleuth something out on the Internet, so much that colleagues joke that nothing can hide from me!I am also branching out into online marketing...Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Copy Editing;Internet Research;Editing;Proofreading;Article Writing;Translation Spanish English;Copywriting;Travel Planning;E-mail marketing;Blogging;Content Management;Non-Fiction Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Writing"
"33"|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
""|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
"40"|"I write clear, concise, compelling copy for websites, blogs and articles.  I translate complex concepts into simple prose that anyone can understand.  I'm an experienced professional who delivers clean, crisp copy, and does it on time.I'm a former journalist, a former practicing attorney, and a former legal blogger writing  on  small business topics.  I have written hundreds of articles, legal briefs, memoranda and pieces of correspondence.  My speciality is writing web copy, blog posts and marketing materials  for lawyers.  Because of..."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Legal Writing;Feature Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"16"|"I am a published writer specializing in sales copy, technical guides, business  reports and SEOfriendly blog posts. Fast turnaround times, with rush services available.  I am fluent in multiple sectors: sales, technical, business (commercial), and entertainment. Working with material supplied by clients or researched via credible sources, I can create the following:* Blog posts* Website copy* Brochure copy* Flyer copy* Company and entrepreneur profiles* Product manuals* Newsletters* GuidebooksI can also assist clients with transforming their written content into copy that will appeal to their intended audience. If someone wants to publish on Amazon, I will help them format their manuscript to comply with CreateSpace guidelines.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Online Writing;Report Writing;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Software Documentation;Content Management;eBooks;Content Writing"
"44"|"Whether you need a quick wellresearched article, a corporate press release, or a children's book, I can weave the magic that will make your readers captivated and hanging on every word. Writing comes second nature to me, but so does listening. By asking the right questions when we talk or email, I'll make sure that your voice and your message come shining through my words.Information is important, but I believe that masterful storytelling is what keeps the reader engaged in your message.  Article Writing for the Consumer MarketFiction and Nonfiction Writing for ChildrenEducational Writing for Elementary, Middle School, and High School GhostwritingResearchConsulting for Writing ProjectsWriting CoachRead More »"|"United States"|"Children's Writing;Creative Writing;Publishing Fundamentals;Article Writing;Business Writing;Editing;Copywriting;English;English Punctuation;Graphic Design;Microsoft Word;Non-Fiction Writing;Fiction Writing;Content Writing;Online Writing"
"44"|"It's your story, written the way you want, edited the way you need. All manuscript revisions, comments, queries and suggestions are made using MS Word Track Changes. No permanent change will be made to any manuscript. You remain in control of your content. Services Available: GhostwritingDevelopmental EditingEditingProofreadingCritiques and/or Editing for Short Stories/Flash Fiction/Book Synopsis Readers ReportsFactCheckingResearch All manuscript revisions, comments, queries and suggestions are made using MS Word Track Changes. No permanent change will be made to any manuscript. Ghost Writing for both fiction (all genres) and nonfictionCritiques and/or Editing for Short Stories/Flash Fiction/Book Synopsis (Up to 10 pages): An evaluation of a short work or book synopsis. Level of edit and return time varies based on the author’s requirements for each project.  Readers Reports: A basic overview. No marks will be made on the manuscript; however, an edit letter outlining both the highlights of the story and any issues which may exist will be provided.  Basic Copy Editing: A broad edit which focuses on spelling, grammar, clichés and basic punctuation with all revisions made via MS Word. Larger plot, character development and pacing issues may be identified. A style sheet will be provided. (An edit letter can be requested in lieu of a style sheet.)  Developmental Editing: A detailed edit which includes a Basic Copy Edit and focuses on plot, character development and pacing with all revisions made via MS Word. Both an edit letter and a style sheet will be provided with the completed markup. For all identified issues, suggestions and/or examples will be provided. A 500 word sample edit of your work is available for all works over 20,000 words. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Creative Writing;Editing;English;Book Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Writing;Research;Fact Checking;developmental editing"
"38"|"Writing is a craft, and it is one that I have been practicing all my life. When most kids were learning how to walk, I was learning how to read; even then, I knew that books would carry me farther than my legs ever could. Eventually, I would go on to win numerous awards and scholarships for academic writing and poetry while pursuing my undergraduate and graduate degrees in English, culminating with the drafting of my first novel, written as a graduate thesis in Creative Writing.I enjoy working with new clients, but what I enjoy even more..."|"United States"|"English Grammar;English;Academic Writing;Editing;Creative Writing;Poetry;Microsoft Word;English Spelling;Copywriting;English Proofreading;Online Writing;English Punctuation;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Content Writing"
"40"|"I am a writer, editor, and educator with over 10 years' experience specializing in creative web and print copywriting. I hold an MFA in creative writing and offer expertise in creating effective persuasive website copy, marketing materials, corporate newsletters, and researched articles. During my most recent project, I wrote copy for a major web marketing company, including over 500 websites for a broad spectrum of industries from legal and medical to construction and retail. I was designated as a recommended writer out of hundreds of... Website copywriting (industries include medical, legal, business, small business, construction, architecture, interior design, and more)Editing and proofreadingMarketing materialsCorporate newslettersLetter writing (recommendation letters, legal, awards)Academic research and writingArticles and blogsInterviewsRead More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Creative Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Proposal Writing;Copywriting;Editing;fiction editing;Business editing;Website copywriting;Letter Writing;Proofreading;Content Writing;Fiction Writing"
"22"|"As a writer, I have an abundance of skills from various positions and experiences over decades. I have earned two University degrees, worked as a columnist and copyeditor for five niche, reputable magazines, written awardwinning oneact plays, several nonfiction selfhelp books, and ghostwritten others. I was an editor for closedcaptions for Disney, and wrote sitcoms for WB. Currently I work with students on the Autism Spectrum, developing curriculum and behavior programs, while writing articles and blogs (over 500 published since Jan.... Services I provide include, but are not limited to: proofreading, article writing, ghostwriting, interviewing, researching, press releases, marketing copy, website copy, blogging, essay creation, copyediting, scriptwriting, playwriting, poetry (rhyming), Tweeting, Facebook statuses, list making, clever titles, slogans, transforming technical text into readerfriendly material, Bachelor's and Master's papers, product review, film and television review, travel (hotel, food, and sightseeing) review...Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Content Writing;Copy Editing;Blog Writing;Copywriting;English;Creative Writing;Content Management;Press Release Writing;Ghostwriting;Editorial Writing;English Spelling;English Proofreading;Letter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"30"|"Elance is now Upwork.com. Please go to https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~013f1cf4d22f85a428?viewMode=1 to invite me to bid on your project.  Thanks, Jean  Skilled editor. Formatting and book design for Amazon's CreateSpace, Kindle, Ingram Spark, Smashwords and other POD companies. Editing and restructuring manuscripts and making publishready. Strong editorial skills. My edits keep the writer's voice while making the writing the very best it can be. Deadlines honored. Your goals are my goals. I aim to please.A note from one... ABOUT ME:My degree is in journalism. I am a fulltime freelance writer, editor, eBook and book designer based in Georgia in the US. I assist my clients, as needed, with the entire \"selfpublishing\" procedure. I require excellence in myself in all of my endeavors, and I often go beyond the specified requirements of the clients that I work with to assure that they are getting the very best that their product can be. I have mastered the skills required to publish on Createspace, Kindle, Ingram Spark and Smashwords.I am passionate about the creation of welldesigned, welledited ebooks and printed books. I am aware that the \"look\" and \"feel\" of the publication sells it as much as does the content. I very much enjoy creating appealing book covers for the books that I format and design.Thank you very much for your consideration. Should we accept each other as Provider/Client, your goals will be my goals. After we both have a clear understanding of the results that you envision for your project, your satisfaction with my completed version of your product is guaranteed.Read More »"|"United States"|"CreateSpace; Lightning Source;Kindle Fire; Kindle; Smashwords;Book; eBook formatting;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Creative Writing;Copywriting;Article Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;Adobe PDF;Feature Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;eBook Design"
"30"|"Rated by Elance in the top 1% of all those in the writing and translation field and top ten of all the Australian providers. I am a freelance copywriter who has a passion for causes. I have been combining my passion for writing and my passion for causes in writing for not for profit groups for over 20 years. My experience includes writing for church, parachurch agencies and overseas aid organisations. I have the ability to write compelling copy that causes people to act. My articles have been published in their respective newsletters.I... My number one attribute is reliability. You get what you pay for on time and with a no fuss approach. I will respond promptly to all email correspondence within a 24 hour period. I believe in providing a quality product first time. I believe my writing will promote your business in the best light possible. I make an effort to understand the ethos and culture of your organisation, which enables me to write effectively to meet your needs. I also quickly grasp the parameters of any project and am able to combine the research content given into concise, interesting and readable copy.I have a Bachelor of Arts in Intercultural Studies and write extensively for the Not for Profit sector. I am especially experienced writing about the issues faced by third world communities. I have also travelled extensively and have written travel pieces for various websites. Brochures and product descriptions are further strings to my bow in the commercial copywriting arena.I look forward to providing you with that timely piece of writing that exactly fits your needs. Read More »"|"Australia"|"Creative Writing;Resume Writing;Business Writing;Online Writing;Academic Writing;Book Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Counseling Psychology;Document review;English Grammar;Non-Fiction Writing;Poetry;Proofreading;Theology"
"15"|"I am a Canadianraised, trained and practiced journalist currently freelancing for a variety of publications and clients worldwide. Having a variety of clients has taught me, more than ever, to adapt the voice and tone of my writing. I work under tight deadlines and ensure my articles are succinct and wellresearched. These qualities can all be seen through the articles I write (see my portfolio here: kenwallingford.ca).My work has appeared in the Toronto Star, Rough Guides, VICE.com, enRoute Magazine (enroute.aircanada.com), and Emaho... Ask the people around me in my daily life and you'll know I'm a hard worker, always on the job and always keeping my eyes open for the next opportunity to learn something new about the world around me.I am quick to reply to emails and messages, and I'm always browsing news sites and social media to see what's happening and what's trending. I am a relentless worker, too; when I have a job to do, I don't stop until it's done, and done with quality.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Journalism Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing;Content Writing;WordPress;Adobe Photoshop;News reporting;Creative Writing;Copy Editing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"27"|"\"Behind every great writer is a good editor,\" and that means you need me! I'm standing by, ready to give your work a thorough review. *NEW* In addition to transcribing audio, I can also CAPTION your videos! I can EDIT or PROOFREAD:+ creative pieces+ magazine articles+ academic papers+ web content.In my final year at Indiana University, I worked as a writing consultant, helping students brainstorm, organize, develop, and proofread their papers. I have an extensive knowledge of MLA and APA formats. I also have experience editing... + Editing+ Proofreading+ Article Writing+ Creative Writing+ Web Content+ Transcription+ Closed Captions+ Typing+ SpanishEnglish TranslationRead More »"|"United States"|"English;English Proofreading;Transcription;Academic Writing;Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Data Entry;Email Etiquette;Typing"
"26"|"My name is Aaron Spencer.  I was born in frigid Anchorage, AK on December 20, 1984.  I enjoyed that beautiful country until about age ten, from which time middle Tennessee has been my home.  I married the first girl I fell in love with.  My wife and I have six children whom we love.  Life is good.  I graduated from college in 2006.  I worked during and after college for five years in the realm of tutoring and education.  I then spent three years living in Mexico as a missionary.  I am currently back in middle Tennessee teaching high school..."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Lyrics Writing;Poetry;Online Writing;English;English Spelling;Translation English Spanish;Translation Spanish English"
"40"|"Consistently ranked in the top 1% of Elance providers and skilled in writing and editing everything from news releases to newsletters, websites to articles, and marketing campaigns to speeches, I bring my diverse background of both corporate communications and nonprofit communications together to enliven your ideas and concepts. With a bachelor's degree in Journalism from Northwestern University as well as a master's in English, I have a strong command of AP style, grammar, punctuation, word flow and usage and am very efficient, creative... Currently the parttime director of marketing and communications for a local music ensemble, Megan's background includes managing the marketing and communications department for the Minneapolis Public Library as well as extensive marketing and communications experience in the financial services industry, with Wells Fargo in particular.With an undergraduate degree in Journalism from Northwestern University as well as a master's in English, Megan is comfortable with everything from highlevel business and financial writing to more creative marketing projects.Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Marketing;Public Relations;Online Writing;Creative Writing;Business Writing;Article Writing;Children's Writing;Copy Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Financial Writing;Poetry;Press Release Writing;eBooks"
"38"|"Writing is a craft, and it is one that I have been practicing all my life. When most kids were learning how to walk, I was learning how to read; even then, I knew that books would carry me farther than my legs ever could. Eventually, I would go on to win numerous awards and scholarships for academic writing and poetry while pursuing my undergraduate and graduate degrees in English, culminating with the drafting of my first novel, written as a graduate thesis in Creative Writing.I enjoy working with new clients, but what I enjoy even more..."|"United States"|"English Grammar;English;Academic Writing;Editing;Creative Writing;Poetry;Microsoft Word;English Spelling;Copywriting;English Proofreading;Online Writing;English Punctuation;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Content Writing"
"30"|"Rated by Elance in the top 1% of all those in the writing and translation field and top ten of all the Australian providers. I am a freelance copywriter who has a passion for causes. I have been combining my passion for writing and my passion for causes in writing for not for profit groups for over 20 years. My experience includes writing for church, parachurch agencies and overseas aid organisations. I have the ability to write compelling copy that causes people to act. My articles have been published in their respective newsletters.I... My number one attribute is reliability. You get what you pay for on time and with a no fuss approach. I will respond promptly to all email correspondence within a 24 hour period. I believe in providing a quality product first time. I believe my writing will promote your business in the best light possible. I make an effort to understand the ethos and culture of your organisation, which enables me to write effectively to meet your needs. I also quickly grasp the parameters of any project and am able to combine the research content given into concise, interesting and readable copy.I have a Bachelor of Arts in Intercultural Studies and write extensively for the Not for Profit sector. I am especially experienced writing about the issues faced by third world communities. I have also travelled extensively and have written travel pieces for various websites. Brochures and product descriptions are further strings to my bow in the commercial copywriting arena.I look forward to providing you with that timely piece of writing that exactly fits your needs. Read More »"|"Australia"|"Creative Writing;Resume Writing;Business Writing;Online Writing;Academic Writing;Book Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Counseling Psychology;Document review;English Grammar;Non-Fiction Writing;Poetry;Proofreading;Theology"
"35"|"With a PhD in Communication and 25 years as an educator, I can deliver clear and compelling copy that helps you connect with your audience. My past writing credits include SAT test questions, ESL practice exercises, Vocabulary definitions and example sentences, company newsletters, speeches, book reviews, short stories, and children's literature. In addition, I have worked in PR and marketing for a high tech company and as a researcher for the City of Austin. I offer highquality content, meticulous proofreading, prompt delivery, and..."|"United States"|"Online Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Business Writing;Editing;Report Writing;Academic Writing;Microsoft Word;Resume Writing;Technical Writing;English Proofreading;Children's Writing;Fiction Writing;Poetry"
"22"|"I am a freelance writer and translator with years of experience writing  on different topics and styles, both in English and Spanish. Personally committed to giving my best in every assignment I take, I strive to provide highquality content catering the precise needs and requirements of each client. I think good communication is crucial to grant the best outcome, understand the clients´needs so as to fully cater their needs and  exceed their expectations.  .  I provide writing and translating services in the English/Spanish pair. Only human translation. I also have vast experience writing original content  in a myriad of different topics, both in English and Spanish language. I strive to provide high quality content  with Search Engine Optimization if required. Read More »"|"Uruguay"|"Translation English Spanish;English;English Spelling;Translation Spanish English;Translation Brazilian Portuguese English;Translation Italian English;Blogging;Creative Writing;Poetry;Copy Editing;Proofreading"
"33"|"B'HI have an eye for detail and many years experience in shaping texts to communicate what the client wants. Quality over quantity is my motto. I allow my work to speak for itself and endeavour to meet client needs through communicating well and often if need be, to ascertain exactly what the company or individual hopes to achieve with the text.I can deliver a wide range of texts from creative, imaginative to the factual, academic or reports. Research and painstaking attention to the finer points are strengths I have and honestly, if it... I am able to edit for syntax, structure and content to provide clear, relevant copy for your projects. My 18 years of teaching in secondary schools in Australia and tertiary institutions overseas in Israel has given me extensive experience in correcting and refining texts both for projects and for publication. My strengths are in effective communication built up in the years spent teaching  and a genuine liking for people and communicating efficiently with them. Story telling and creative writing are other strengths and I work at honing these skills on a daily basis. I am also proficient in providing copy for flyers, brochures and some graphics if need be on a basic functional level. Editing websites for grammatical and expression errors, content and giving feedback through writing reviews and articles are some other services I provide. I am updating and expanding my skills consistently, as I believe that change and learning should be a constant in any person's life. Read More »"|"Australia"|"English;Creative Writing;Editing;Report Writing;English Spelling;English Grammar;Online Writing;Journalism Writing;Poetry;Microsoft Word;Copywriting;Ghostwriting;Article Writing"
"10"|"I am a creative writer with a flair for poetry, drama, metaphor and humor, with a keen eye for detail. I'm fortunate to play host to a vivid imagination that takes me on regular flights of fantasy to explore the exciting world of literature. I offer exceptional, efficient and timely responses to creative writing assignments as well as editing and proofreading tasks. If you're looking for a wellcooked piece, spiced with drama and romance and dressed with a touch of humor, look no further because I have just the recipe that you need. I can offer beautiful, engaging and imaginative poetry to bring your thoughts to life. I can use a varied mix of descriptional, conversational and metaphorical poetry to describe your ideas from different points of view, allowing you to really communicate all that you intend to through the medium of verse.My experience as an archivist involved maintaining detailed and errorfree records and my proofreading, typing and editing skills have been honed to a high level of perfection.I am available on call at all times during the day and can guarantee a response within 3 hours of your request. Customer satisfaction is of utmost importance to me and I will stop at nothing to ensure that you get the very best that I can offer!Read More »"|"India"|"Poetry;Lyrics Writing;Creative Writing;Aviation;English;Article Writing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Transcription"
"15"|"I am a former Journalism major who switched to Child Development after unearthing a hidden passion for the well being of children. I have an Associate’s in Business and a Bachelor’s in Child Development, but soon after I graduated college I began searching for writing jobs. I am a three time published poet, former news reporter for the Williamson Daily News, and have contributed to Thought Catalog with blogstyle articles related to self help and sociology.  I specialize in nonfiction writing, journalistic writing (As mentioned, I have..."|"United States"|"English;Article Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English Grammar;Poetry;Children's Writing;Blog Commenting;Blog Writing;Journalism Writing"
"44"|"“Niema provided wonderful feedback and helpful editorial advice. She went beyond what I asked for, delivered quickly and was very professional. I'm very happy with the results, and I would definitely hire her again. ”“Niema did a great job in helping to refine and tidy up... my book on yoga and the Alexander technique. As a yoga teacher herself she was able to offer some useful suggestions... She was easy to work with, communicated well and the job was done on schedule. I can certainly recommend her for her editing skills.”“As always,... I offer comprehensive writing, editing, and proofreading services. I am a detailoriented, focused, and pleasant companion on your journey to create the perfect article, book, blog post, story, or instructional course. I have developed a wide range of skills over many years, including a refined understanding of English grammar and how to speak to a person's heart in grammatically correct ways, crafting words into poetry, yoga as a science and healing art, copyediting and content creation, social marketing and SEO optimization, and educational syllabus preparation. These skills combine to inform all my editing and writing work. I primarily serve clients in the fields of yoga, health, wellness, fitness, nutrition, mindfulness, poetry, art, healing, ecological and organic lifestyles, relationships, and spirituality. I have edited 200+ page books and shorter pieces for several clients, crafted over 200 articles and four ebooks, and selfpublished two books of poetry. I have also taught over 1000 yoga classes in my 11 years as a professional teacher. My favorite type of work is a blend of practical and inspirational, merging mind and heart. I offer helpful, uplifting, and marketable content that can include relevant SEO keywords if desired. I also understand the artistry possible in the English language, and can help elevate a piece to poetic greatness if that is your wish. My cornucopia of skills and experience allows me to serve a wide variety of websites, wellness...Read More »"|"United States"|"Editing;Creative Writing;English;Poetry;Content Writing;English Spelling;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Article Writing;Hatha Yoga"
"38"|"I'm the author of fiftyfive published books in various genres and former copublisher of Los Hombres Press. I was editorinchief of one literary journal, and  poetry editor of another. I edited two magazines, one regional and one for seniors. II've ghosted about thirty books and have edited/rewritten many others.A former newspaper journalist, I have a Ph.D. degree in theatre and started an extensive program in playwriting at Montclair State. About forty of my plays have been published/and or produced, including OffBroadway. I also..."|"Mexico"|"Creative Writing;Editing;English;Academic Writing;Children's Writing;Fiction Writing;Journalism Writing;Lyrics Writing;Poetry;Script Writing;Writing;Article Writing;Digital Painting;English Grammar;English Punctuation"
"15"|"I am a published poet with over twenty years creative writing experience and a journalism background.  Having served as EIC for two years,this qualifies me for proofreading and editing.  I'm dedicated once I get started with something and always deliver impeccable work, no matter what genre, but most of my best stuff is on the dark emotion, supernatural or thriller/horror areas.  I have written many short stories for children in both religious and adventure categories and am versatile enough to go from a blood and guts slasher right on into..."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Article Writing;Ghostwriting;English Spelling;Poetry;Children's Writing;Microsoft Word;English Grammar;Copy Editing;Copywriting"
"18"|"I am a workaholic and constantly available for communication. I'm known for my excellent quality, excellent communication, and quick turnaround times. Because of my work ethic, I have a lot of repeat business. I have 5 years experience as Marketing Manager in a U.S. publishing company, where I created and ran the Video Department producing book trailers, before being promoted to Marketing Manager.I'm a published author (published by Highlights For Children Magazine and CTB  McGraw Hill), as well as a nonlinear video editor. I love the... Video Scribing, White board videosCrazy Talk AnimationLive action videos with stock footageGreenscreen/chromakey editingScreenwriting using Final DraftBook Cover creation for ebooks or print booksBook publishing services (formatting, proofreading, ghostwriting) and book marketing services (book trailers, press releases, audio books)Writing: All fiction stories and poetry of any length in nearly any genre. Read More »"|"Canada"|"Videoscribing;Audio Editing;Cover Design;Video Editing;Voice Over;Poetry;songwriter;ghost writer;Kindle Formatting;Smashwords Formatting"
""|"I am a workaholic and constantly available for communication. I'm known for my excellent quality, excellent communication, and quick turnaround times. Because of my work ethic, I have a lot of repeat business. I have 5 years experience as Marketing Manager in a U.S. publishing company, where I created and ran the Video Department producing book trailers, before being promoted to Marketing Manager.I'm a published author (published by Highlights For Children Magazine and CTB  McGraw Hill), as well as a nonlinear video editor. I love the... Video Scribing, White board videosCrazy Talk AnimationLive action videos with stock footageGreenscreen/chromakey editingScreenwriting using Final DraftBook Cover creation for ebooks or print booksBook publishing services (formatting, proofreading, ghostwriting) and book marketing services (book trailers, press releases, audio books)Writing: All fiction stories and poetry of any length in nearly any genre. Read More »"|"Canada"|"Videoscribing;Audio Editing;Cover Design;Video Editing;Voice Over;Poetry;songwriter;ghost writer;Kindle Formatting;Smashwords Formatting"
"11"|" translation, editing, subtitling. eight years of experience in translation services; native speaker of Ukrainian and Russian; Master Degree in Linguistics (English); Translation from any language into Ukrainian/Russian and vice versa.Also available audio/video transcription/translation and subtitling in English, French, Russian, Ukrainian.Working with Trados translation tools.Read More »"|"Ukraine"|"Editing;English;Translation English Russian;Linguistics;Lyrics Writing;Microsoft Word;Poetry;Russian Language;Translation;Translation Ukrainian English"
"11"|"I'm a proficient writer with a knack for accuracy. For any and all research, content writing, transcription and creative writing, look no further. I look forward to doing your project; accurately, excellently, professionally and punctually!"|"Kenya"|"Transcription;Administrative Support;Content Writing;Poetry;Microsoft Office;Computer Skills;Internet Research;Technical Support;Typing;Virtual Assistant"
"33"|"I have excellent research skills as well as editing and grammar skills. I have published a book, many articles, and created reports for companies that synthesize complex information into easytocomprehend communications. I have knowledge of health and wellness, yoga, sustainability, renewable energy, ecofriendly living, and the mindbodyspirit subjects. I can help you with a variety of creative projects. I studied classic and contemporary theatre and have reviewed plays, films and magazines. I have written ebooks and fictional stories,..."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Content Writing;Article Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Sustainable Energy;Recipe Writing;ebook Writing;Book Writing;Script Writing;Film criticism;Grant Writing;Drawing;Poetry;Internet Research;Illustration"
"20"|"Born with a natural gift with words, writing has been a passion long held dear to my heart. Communication and expression are art forms, to say the least. The ability to properly convey one's views and opinions must be delicately nurtured. The slightest misstep can destroy an entire project. Let me put my skills to work for you. Together we will bring your ideas to life! I am available to fill virtually all your needs. My abstract perspective allows me to deliver unique quality products time after time. This, along with my technical experience and 77 wpm typing speed, I am the best of both worlds.Creative writing is my strong suit. Poetry, shorty stories, novels, blog post, website content, journalism articles are all ideal projects I'd love to cover. I can also put my creative abilities to use to scan over completed works for flow and other suggested edits. If needed, I would be happy to offer tips to other writers regarding the direction of unfinished projects.Aside from tapping into my limitless creative well, I am also available to complete audio transcriptions or the recreation of documents. I commit to delivering quality products within a timely manner, ensuring the satisfaction of my clients each and every time. Devoting to freelance as a full time career means I can give my projects attention far above the expectations of my clients. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;Editing;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Poetry;Sales Letters"
"93"|"From gender, race & LGBTQIA advocacy to medical writing and much more, I create bold, authoritative content that fits your industry and your audience.These are a few of the niches where I stand above the competition. •Race, Gender & LGBTQIA Advocacy•Health & Wellness•Medical writing•Behavioral health•Addiction & Rehab Content Marketing•Personality & Social Psychology•Women & Minorityowned businesses Since March 2010 I have completed over 500 jobs. In that time, I have racked up some impressive stats: 100% of my clients recommend me My feedback is stellar I boast a solid 5star ratingThese are some of the services I provide:  Articles Web copy Social media management And moreTo start the conversation, please use the green hire me button up top.   Read More »"|"Puerto Rico"|"English;Content Marketing;Creative Writing;Elance;English Spelling;Email;English Punctuation;Translation English Spanish;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Article Writing;Addiction;Rehab Content Marketing;Advocacy Writing;Women's Rights"
"35"|"Tested in the top 5% of copyediting, proofreading, and editing. Let me help your work shine! I provide thorough copyediting and proofreading that includes formatting Word documents for print and electronic publication. With a master's degree in liberal arts, I am capable to work on all topics. I have more than 20 years of editing experience and offer you a mature wellrounded perspective. I look forward to working with you.  Spelling, US, UK, and AustralianPunctuationGrammarCheck sentence structure, flow, tone, and voice Check quotes and referencesChicago, APA, MLA, and journal stylesSubject/verb agreementPronoun/antecedent agreementCheck capitalization, italics, and bold faceReview tense and voiceFormatting consistencyProper use of en/em dashes and ellipsesCheck character names for spelling and consistency Format for Kindle eBook and/or print publicationConsistent abbreviations and acronymsProper use of headings, lists, tables, and graphsProvide readability statistics with the reading grade levelCreate indexesRead More »"|"United States"|"Copy Editing;English Proofreading;ebook Formatting;Editing;English Spelling;English Grammar;English;English Punctuation;Microsoft Word;Computer Skills;U.S. Culture;Expert Summarizer;Elance;Academic Editing;Typing"
"33"|"With over ten years experience writing for film and television (Mad About You, King of Queens, Dharma & Greg), as well as creating copy for some wellknown companies in New York, I'm a professional and seasoned  writer who knows how to deliver big results on time, every time.My focus these days is on web development and inventive marketing strategies. From producing fullyrealized concepts to telling complete stories in a snippet of ad copy, I strive to create compelling and unique web content that emotionally connects with an audience. If... Here's why you should hire me:I'm great at what I do and I've never missed a deadline  not one.You don't need to train me. I'm a marketer myself so I know what your needs are.I make it my business to stay on top of the latest SEO trends so I'm able to create highly optimized content for myself and others.Nothing I write is ever plagiarized, spun or outsourced. Everything I write is unique.I'm prolific.I have a keen editing eye and a penchant for fixing copy.I make myself available to you during the entire writing process.I'm fun and easy to work with.I'm able to write in a large variety of niches, styles, and formats including:Press ReleaseseBooksFree ReportsEmail campaignsArticlesBlog postsReviewsWeb contentAd copySlogans/Taglines/BrandingFilm/TV ScriptsIf you need content that's creative, engaging, optimized, and delivered on time, contact me. I look forward to speaking with you.Read More »"|"United States"|"English;English Grammar;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English Proofreading;Online Writing;Internet Marketing"
"16"|"My passion for words earned me the top 1% EnglishFrench translator rank on Elance tests.  My translation services are tailored to your needs; with my experience and skills, your projects will shine.Your proofreading needs too will be met whether you are looking for a grammar and spelling check or more, such as unnecessary modifiers, clichés, jumbled metaphors, tone, and consistency. I take deadlines seriously!Trados Certified  Advanced (Level 3) •Translation: EnglishFrench; FrenchEnglish; 3,000 words per day•Proofreading, quality check: French & English; 12,000 words per day•Microsoft Office, Wordfast, SDL Trados•Subjects of Expertise: Law, Philosophy, Women, Sociology, Academic Papers, Forums and Convention Transcripts, Speeches, NGOs, Public Sector, International Development, International RelationsRead More »"|"Lebanon"|"Translation English French;French;English Spelling;Editing;Translation French English;English Proofreading;French Proofreading;French spelling"
"20"|"I am a stay at home mom, trying to stay at home with my kids!  I have extensive experience in all things administrative, from internet research, data entry, 10key, and word processing.  I work with all Office programs.  My latest paid experience is research and data entry, My current typing speed is 93 wpm as well as 11,000 10key strokes per hour.  I am fast, reliable, and accurate.  I also do minor bookkeeping, especially in Quickbooks."|"United States"|"Typing;Data Entry;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft PowerPoint;Bookkeeping;English Proofreading;Transcription"
"25"|"As a writer and editor, I focus on producing a readable, high quality end product that you can be proud of having your name on. As a ghostwriter experienced in producing everything from full length fiction to SEO copy and ebooks, you can trust me to hit exactly the right tone for your project. As someone who values communication and trust, you can be sure of a professional approach that puts you at the heart of things, for an end product tailored to your needs. I've written in all sorts of places, from short articles to novels that have hit the New York Times top twenty. These days, I like to focus on a combination of fiction of all lengths and longer form nonfiction. So I'm probably not the person to try if you want SEO articles, but if you want that perfect biography, or you need help finishing your novel or short story collection, I might well be the person to try. I enjoy editing too, and I'm a good person to try whether you need developmental, line, or copy editing.  Things I love to do: Writing fiction. Producing memoirs. Helping to produce outlines/plans for others to work to. Developmental editing. Anything fantasy or scifi related.Things I probably won't do: Academic ghostwriting (because it matters whether you wrote it. I won't help you cheat). Mindless SEO anyone could do (because I base my business on writing better than other people, not on beating them on price). Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Creative Writing;English;English Proofreading"
"33"|"I have a Certificate in Publishing and more than 7 years of experience writing and editing for the education and corporate sectors. My services include substantive, stylistic, and copy editing, as well as writing and indexing. I am particularly interested in educational publishing but enjoy taking on a wide range of projects. Whether you have a fiction manuscript in its early stages or a research report that needs the references formatted, I can help you prepare your work for publication. Ideas matter  express them well.  I provide personalized content creation and editing services for a wide range of clients. My specialty is content related to education and training, including blog posts, articles, and curriculum materials.I am an individual provider, not a content mill. Freelancing is a competitive business, and I know there are many excellent providers out there. My goal is not only to provide high quality content and editing, but also to establish positive longterm relationships with my clients. I aim to make every client a repeat customer!Read More »"|"Canada"|"Academic Writing;Content Writing;English;Editing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Online Writing"
"33"|"Bestselling author, awardwinning investigative reporter, writing coach, certified editor,and agencyrepresented children's book writer and illustrator. Member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators.With over 250 satisfied clients in just over a year, I've become one of Elance's most soughtafter editors. I consistently rank in the top 0.01 percent of all Writing and Translation providers (the top 25 of 271,000plus providers).I edit books using publishing industry standards: The Chicago Manual of Style 16th Edition,... An excerpt from a review I edited for a client published in the Examiner:\"The writing is crisp, clear and simple – none of that “hooptedoodle” John Steinbeck said got in the way of a story, when an author takes off into the wild blue yonder in some kind of masturbatory pursuit of his muse.\"I am not someone who hangs a shingle out on Elance and purports to be an editor. I am a certified book editor with inhouse publishing experience. I  am the editor for both NY Times and Amazon bestselling authors. I know where to place a comma, when to use were vs. was, and all the other confusing intricacies of grammar.I am the manuscript editor and proofreader for Readers' Favorite, and I proofread the HowTo Geek website. I am a multiaward winning writer, having received 45 awards in the past 23 years. My work has been published in both large and small newspapers and magazines, including Good Housekeeping, The New York Times, USA Today, the Oswego County Business Magazine, Today's CNY Woman, New York State Magistrates magazine, any many others. I am an agencyrepresented children's author and the ghostwriter of dozens of children's books. I am also an artist and illustrator. If you are seeking a professionally polished manuscript, you've come to the right place.I also write winning book proposals, having spent five years as an acquisitions editor. I know what a publisher and literary agent look for in a submission and I keep updated regularly with changes in editing...Read More »"|"United States"|"English Spelling;Children's Writing;Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Journalism Writing;Letter Writing;Microsoft Word;Newsletter Writing"
"40"|"Consistently ranked in the top 1% of Elance providers and skilled in writing and editing everything from news releases to newsletters, websites to articles, and marketing campaigns to speeches, I bring my diverse background of both corporate communications and nonprofit communications together to enliven your ideas and concepts. With a bachelor's degree in Journalism from Northwestern University as well as a master's in English, I have a strong command of AP style, grammar, punctuation, word flow and usage and am very efficient, creative... Currently the parttime director of marketing and communications for a local music ensemble, Megan's background includes managing the marketing and communications department for the Minneapolis Public Library as well as extensive marketing and communications experience in the financial services industry, with Wells Fargo in particular.With an undergraduate degree in Journalism from Northwestern University as well as a master's in English, Megan is comfortable with everything from highlevel business and financial writing to more creative marketing projects.Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Marketing;Public Relations;Online Writing;Creative Writing;Business Writing;Article Writing;Children's Writing;Copy Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Financial Writing;Poetry;Press Release Writing;eBooks"
"55"|"There are many freelance writers out there from which you can choose. How will you finally sort through us all and decide? Maybe this will help: I'm in the top 1% in the \"Writing and Translating\" category on Elance. I got there because my primary task is to build an understanding and a partnership before I build a written product. I want what you want in a finished piece. In a world full of word clutter and noise, sometimes you need someone who will help you stand out from the rest. Other times you need a workhorse of an information piece... As your hired wordsmith, my goal is to create writing that presents your outstanding work in the best light. You need powerful words. I know what they are, and how to organize them.  I don't believe in wasting words. If words don't have the greatest impact possible, it's time to choose some new words.  I've seen many clients rightly complain in the Elance \"water cooler\" area that freelance writers don't communicate with them. By many accounts, the average writer wants to jump in, do the job quickly, collect the cash and bug out again. What a lousy and boring way to do business. How will they know if they've succeed and what impact they've made if they haven't taken the time to create a better business relationship? I need to experience the satisfaction that comes with witnessing a homerun. I need to know I hit the mark. In this everchanging world, I need to see what still works and what doesn't. So, I'm there until there is a finished product and the \"reviews\" are in.If you're looking for someone to churn out a flood of words in a rapidfire fashion, I'm probably not your guy. I work fast enough when necessary, but I think \"content mills\" reduce our standards in the long run. You don't have to look far on the web to see that happening. I like to think I write good, thoughtful material, and I really can't do that if you're more interested in the clock ticking than the creative process. I do respect deadlines and pick only jobs where the due date is realistic. I won't...Read More »"|"United States"|"Copywriting;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;English Grammar;English;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Resume Writing;Copy Editing;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Fiction Writing;Press Release Writing"
"33"|"I can get the job done right, the first time! A seasoned professional with 13+ years experience. I have extensive experience in high tech companies holding both production and marketing positions. My marketing experience spans social media, publishing, ad design and sales. I have also held sales and technology positions within the real estate service industry. BS in Business, with a Concentration in Marketing I have 12+years of experience in marketing, sales and public relations. Past job experience includes the following: Social media (YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn, etc.), real estate, marketing, website content writing, blog writing, brand strategy, launching a new brand/ product. A PR expert with emphasis in business/marketing plan design and implementation, effective product positioning, media planning, marketing campaign management, experience in crowdfunding campaigns, training applications, market research, lead generation, software quality assurance, newspaper production, ad sales, direct mail planning, script writing, screenplay writing experience and market segmentation planning. I pride myself on quality work done in a timely matter and am always available to answer questions. High attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills, hardworking, excellent organizational skills, works independently, strong written and verbal communication skills.Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blogging;Business Writing;Copywriting;Ghostwriting;Newsletter Writing;Online Writing;Press Release Writing;Proposal Writing;Report Writing"
"33"|"My primary goal in writing is client satisfaction:  \"Richard provided quality articles that were exceptional and insightful. He hit our niche on target and is a pleasure to work with. Great attitude...highly recommended! One of the best writers on Elance by far...\"If you need high quality writing that is wellresearched and delivered on time, please consider that I may be your best choice for a variety of projects, including articles, blogs, and web content writing,   All of my writing is 100% original and designed to capture reader... Writing original articles for legal and attorney websites on any topic of law.Blogs and articles on investment, banking and finance.Speech writing and coaching.Articles and training guides for management training and team building.Nonprofit fundraising strategies, development models, prospect letters and coaching.Articles on consulting practice methods, healthcare, Obamacare, medical tourism and international medical facilities. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Legal Writing;Content Writing;Business Writing;Finance and Investment Writing;English Grammar;Proposal Writing;Speech Writing;Travel Writing;Writing"
"35"|"We specialize in helping you \"sell the story\" of your brand, your business or your product. We use advertising, branding, content, design, direct, email, inbound, lead generation, local, mobile, print, search, social, video and web marketing to help you deliver your message to your target audience. My company, Sales Communications, is an awardwinning U.S.based marketing agency. "|"United States"|"Sales;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Proposal Writing;Customer Service;CRM;Business Writing;Content Writing;Report Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Internet Marketing;Advertising;Google AdWords;Public Relations;Editing"
"71"|"I am a UK based freelancer specialising in medical and pharmaceutical research and copywriting. I work with a range of clients at different stages of their projects, whether it be scoping out a large research project or the final stage editorial process. However you choose to work, and whatever size your project, I offer a professional, diligent service, adding value through deep subject knowledge, meticulous research skills, and a commitment to developing a clear understanding of your needs.I have worked for a range of big name clients... I provide the following services.Healthcare Research*Evidence reviews for journal articles, theses, academic professionals, and individual businesses (inc. systematic reviews, metaanalysis, desktop and library research, conducting interviews, reporting from conferences or meetings)Topical writing *Opeds on contemporary health, social care, and medical current affairs* Health and Social Care Practice, Policy and Strategy* Public Health, Current Affairs and Public / Social Policy* Grant and Proposal Writing / Consulting* Speeches and lectures for scientific meetings, conferences and symposia* Assisting ESL / EAL clients (research, writing and spoken word)Specific Documents*Websites*Elearning training materials*Digital content*Patient information*Professional education*Newsletters*Media materials*Toolkits*Reports*Interviews*Case studies*Supplements*Meeting reports*Magazines *Policy briefs*Proposals*Annual reportsI am also a published academic author and can provide advice on editing, developmental editing, and compliance with journal guidelines and criteria. I regularly proof, develop and translate documents for a range of healthcare professionals who speak English as a second language and are looking to publish in the US or UK. I can write copy from scratch or join you halfway through a project if you don't have the time or can't see the wood for the trees. I am a fully qualified PRINCE2 / MSP (Managing Successful Programmes) practitioner...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Content Writing;Copy Editing;English;Academic Writing;Medical Writing;Medical Editing;Grant Writing;Business Planning;Proposal Writing;Transcription"
"140"|"Stephen Bush has provided specialized consulting and writing services to business and government clients for more than 30 years. He is wellknown for his practical and persuasive writing. Steve's writing experience includes sales articles, white papers, business proposals, technical writing, business blogs and financial articles. Stephen received his BA in Business Psychology from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. He served in the military as an officer in the U.S. Navy Supply Corps and then obtained an MBA in Management and Real Estate... Stephen Bush helps clients inform and persuade their audience. Steve has worked closely with a wide variety of individuals across a broad spectrum of industries and private interests. He is comfortable communicating with and working for a diverse collection of senior corporate executives, physicians, attorneys, accountants, bankers, middle managers, small business owners and individuals from all walks of life. Steve is currently transitioning from a very active business finance consulting career to a fulltime business writing career. He is willing and able to tackle whatever writing assignments come his way. Writing projects for Stephen typically involved specialized writing such as business proposals and customized white papers. Steve has spent thousands of hours over the years maintaining several business websites and writing financial articles and business blogs. He has both broad and deep industry experience that involves the military, business consulting, agriculture, banking, real estate, securities, insurance, mortgage companies, government consulting and housing.One of Stephen's earliest business writing roles involved technical writing for Wyle Laboratories (based in El Segundo, California) in support of their government consulting activities. Consulting clients included the City of Los Angeles, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the U.S. Department of Transportation. Steve's work with Wyle began while he was a graduate student at the UCLA...Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Technical Writing;Online Writing;Article Writing;Blog Writing;Financial Writing;Proposal Writing;Business Research;Real Estate Articles;Business Consulting"
""|"Stephen Bush has provided specialized consulting and writing services to business and government clients for more than 30 years. He is wellknown for his practical and persuasive writing. Steve's writing experience includes sales articles, white papers, business proposals, technical writing, business blogs and financial articles. Stephen received his BA in Business Psychology from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. He served in the military as an officer in the U.S. Navy Supply Corps and then obtained an MBA in Management and Real Estate... Stephen Bush helps clients inform and persuade their audience. Steve has worked closely with a wide variety of individuals across a broad spectrum of industries and private interests. He is comfortable communicating with and working for a diverse collection of senior corporate executives, physicians, attorneys, accountants, bankers, middle managers, small business owners and individuals from all walks of life. Steve is currently transitioning from a very active business finance consulting career to a fulltime business writing career. He is willing and able to tackle whatever writing assignments come his way. Writing projects for Stephen typically involved specialized writing such as business proposals and customized white papers. Steve has spent thousands of hours over the years maintaining several business websites and writing financial articles and business blogs. He has both broad and deep industry experience that involves the military, business consulting, agriculture, banking, real estate, securities, insurance, mortgage companies, government consulting and housing.One of Stephen's earliest business writing roles involved technical writing for Wyle Laboratories (based in El Segundo, California) in support of their government consulting activities. Consulting clients included the City of Los Angeles, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the U.S. Department of Transportation. Steve's work with Wyle began while he was a graduate student at the UCLA...Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Technical Writing;Online Writing;Article Writing;Blog Writing;Financial Writing;Proposal Writing;Business Research;Real Estate Articles;Business Consulting"
"40"|"I am a writer, editor, and educator with over 10 years' experience specializing in creative web and print copywriting. I hold an MFA in creative writing and offer expertise in creating effective persuasive website copy, marketing materials, corporate newsletters, and researched articles. During my most recent project, I wrote copy for a major web marketing company, including over 500 websites for a broad spectrum of industries from legal and medical to construction and retail. I was designated as a recommended writer out of hundreds of... Website copywriting (industries include medical, legal, business, small business, construction, architecture, interior design, and more)Editing and proofreadingMarketing materialsCorporate newslettersLetter writing (recommendation letters, legal, awards)Academic research and writingArticles and blogsInterviewsRead More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Creative Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Proposal Writing;Copywriting;Editing;fiction editing;Business editing;Website copywriting;Letter Writing;Proofreading;Content Writing;Fiction Writing"
"30"|"I have several years experience as a Director/Executive Director of Not for Profit Organizations. During this time I completed countless funding proposals, reports, financial reports, budgets/forecasting, HR Policies, manuals, evaluation and more. Furthermore, I have worked in several levels of positions, from Coordinator, Office Manager, and Accountant to Program Manager, Consultant and Executive Director. I am highly versatile and able to complete any task assigned to me. I am an exceptional typist, a whiz at spreadsheets and have a very... Currently in the top 1% of freelancers on Elance, I am a passionate and versatile writer and administrator. I previously worked with YWCA Halifax where I began in the role of Manager of Youth and Community Development Programs. My commitment to the field, strong leadership skills and capacity to successfully manage complex change was recognized to such a degree that I was promoted less than six months later to Director of Child, Youth and Family Programs. As Director, I was responsible for a million dollar budget and I played an integral role in securing funding for several of the programs that are still running today. I successfully managed considerable change within a dynamic department, including the development, planning, organizing, and evaluation of programs, human resource management, growing and evolving the department to best meet community needs. I motivated staff to build a cohesive team environment that ensured staff members became passionate about the mission, vision, and values of the organization. Additionally, I strategically planned all levels of the operation by completing extensive business plans and then executing those plans to translate a vision into positive programming. I have been recognized for my effective communication and interpersonal skills while working with community stakeholders to maximize the presence of the YWCA message in the Halifax community.From 1999 to 2006, I worked for a notforprofit First Nations organization focused on...Read More »"|"Canada"|"Academic Writing;Article Writing;Children's Writing;Cover Letter Writing;Editing;English;English Grammar;Essay Writing;Grant Writing;Literature Review;Proofreading;Proposal Writing;Report Writing;Research Papers;Resume Writing"
"27"|"I am a multipublished, agencyrepresented, bestselling author of over 25 fiction and nonfiction books with major New York publishers (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Penguin Putnam, McMillan/St. Martin's Press) in young adult, new adult, contemporary romance, women's fiction, and nonfiction. I have also ghost written and contributed to dozens of other books.What makes me a good writer is I have a passion for words. Being able to express and convey emotions, thoughts, and deeds through the written word is what motivates me. My writing is... \"Marley has been exceptional. She has been a delight to work with, especially because she is so clear and exacting, outlining the work prior commencement  this help avoid many possible headaches that may have cropped up otherwise. She definitely someone who would gladly have in my corner for other work.\"  ¿ InquisitiveMinds\"Marley is simply awesome! She is an extremely talented and experienced editor and suggests little details that make a huge impact. I am almost sad that my project is done because of how much I enjoyed working with this editor. I was really lucky to find her.\"   Client\"Great job again! This is my third contract with this freelancer. That's all you need to know.\"   Scott Simser\"This freelancer rocks my world, and is just straight up exceptional. She helped me bring my manuscript to the next level and had character and story insights that were just brilliant. I one hundred percent recommend this freelancer, and will absolutely be using her again for future manuscripts.\"  ClientThose are just a few comments from clients I've assisted and I'd like to help you, as well.Because life doesn't always happen between 9 and 5, and this global economy means we're not all on the same time, I will work around your schedule. We will discuss the project fully with a clear understanding of time deadlines, expectations, and milestones before we roll our sleeves up and get to work together.I have worked in the health care industry, higher education, computer...Read More »"|"United States"|"Microsoft Word;Editing;Creative Writing;English Proofreading;Ghostwriting;Children's Writing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Fiction Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Proposal Writing;Resume Writing;Sales Writing"
"13"|"I am a California girl living abroad. I have successfully managed content for companies based in the US and Europe. I am professional, knowledgeable and driven to help you succeed. If you need a content manager for websites, blogs, articles, ebooks, social media and other digital content, then you can count on me!  Please contact me for your next project. My content management services include the following: Creationidea generationwriting to fit the audience and mediumonpage SEOEditingediting and proofreadingtranslation editingtext formattingimage formattingPublishingentering and publishing content using content management systems and HTMLWordPressMoodleExpressionEngineHTML, CSS, FTPupdating websitesAdministration and Quality Controlproject management from start to finishhiring and/or instructing other freelancers and team members quality assurancetesting and feedbackbranding consultingRead More »"|"Argentina"|"English Spelling;Copywriting;Content Management;SEO Writing;HTML;Content Writing;English Proofreading;Online Writing;Proposal Writing;Spanish"
"16"|"Some of my clients have described my delivered Internet content as accurate, wellresearched, and ontime. Here are what some of my clients have said about my work:\"George always does excellent work.\"“George always does fast, accurate work. Would highly recommend to anyone.”“We can always expect top notch quality from George.”\"George is truly the King of Content.\" I can deliver the best content in the shortest amount of time. My research for writing is streamlined and I can generate a 1000+ word piece of content in a little over an... Here is a list of the services that I provide:(1) Website Articles: I can provide original Internet content for a website that contains evidencebased resources, statistics, and a convincing calltoaction, compelling a customer to purchase a company's goods and services.(2) Website and Business Reviews: I've written several reviews of businesses and websites over the years. My investigation phase will get the \"nittygritty\" on a company's contract, reputation, and corporate DNA. Ultimately, this type of writing service is great for organic search and PPC situations.(3) SEO Articles: My approach to SEO articles is unique and original. I utilize a proprietary keyword tool that aligns keywords with current news events and trending data, delivering current and relevant content that is sure to make your page appear higher on Google.(4) Blog Articles: Blog articles are more specialized than website articles. My specialty verticals for blog articles include real estate, business topics, technology, education, and home health care. My blog articles often cite statistics and take a VERY indepth look at a specific topic within a vertical. (5) Usergenerated content: Some of the best pieces of Internet content that I've authored have been \"usergenerated,\" I'll call into a company to get a firsthand customer service experience or try out a new product and write a review. Usergenerated content is one of the rising \"stars\" for driving traffic to your site.(6) Educational...Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blog Commenting;Content Writing;Copy Editing;Editorial Writing;English Proofreading;Journalism Writing;Letter Writing;Press Release Writing;Product Descriptions;Proposal Writing;Resume Writing;WIKI;Content Management;Wikipedia"
"27"|"A reporter, editor, author and freelance writer for more than 25 years, I deliver clean, clear, compelling articles and marketing communications backed by meticulous research and an engaging, conversational style.My undergraduate degree in journalism and an MBA in marketing gives my white papers, marketing content, and web copy an air of authority that compels readers to action: hiring a company, booking a vacation, or making an online purchase. I create sales and marketing copy, white papers, and feature articles guaranteed to resonate with your audience.I have written extensively on travel, history, marketing and business development, sports and fitness, real estate, and construction, serving as a reporter and editor for the Las Vegas ReviewJournal, freelancing for national magazines, publishing trade journals, and working as public relations director in the private, nonprofit and public sectors.I specialize in feature articles and marketing collateral (brochures, email blasts, newsletters, web copy, etc.) targeted to your specific audience and tailored for traditional, interactive, and emerging media.I pride myself on comprehensive research, targetspecific presentation, and flawless delivery.Read More »"|"United States"|"Ghostwriting;Article Writing;Newsletter Content;Feature Writing;English Spelling;Academic Writing;Business Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Editing;Proposal Writing;Sales Letters;Sports Writing;Travel Writing"
"100"|"An experienced writer with a versatile background in academic, article and copy writing. With a strong focus on research, my writing is of high quality and exactly tailored to your needs.I am also a motivated and experienced Corporate Banker with a postgraduate level of education from a prestigious UK university. I regularly produce high quality, dataheavy reports/articles as part of my job. I have a pleasant demeanor and a highly professional work ethic honed over years of working in a pressurized, customer centric environment. As a freelancer, I have written:Articles on freelancing, information technology, business, economics, finance, sports,education, history, lifestyle, food and travel etc.Academic research proposalsAcademic papersAcademic dissertations/thesisEssaysContent for websites and magazines/periodicalsResumes/CV and Cover LettersCollege/University Application essays/Letters of MotivationRead More »"|"Pakistan"|"Article Writing;Blogging;Business Writing;Copy Editing;Creative Writing;Editing;Ghostwriting;Online Writing;Proofreading;Proposal Writing"
"45"|"I would be glad to discuss how I can help with your assignment. I have an extensive IT project management, decision support and technical documentation background which allows me to produce high quality work quickly, resulting in lower costs to you. I am a retired Senior Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) with twentytwo years in Commercial IT Outsourcing Project and Program Management, during which time I've authored and edited many different technical documents, including successful proposals, technical definition documents,... Key Skills* Professional research and report writing. * Technical writing  proposals and white papers. * Program and Project Management of commercial IT Projects  management onsite or remotely and consulting.* Lessons Learned /Best Practices* Measurement  and Quality Initiatives* Strategic Decision SupportRead More »"|"United States"|"Project Management;Content Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;Online Writing;Analytics;Decision Support;Proposal Writing"
"16"|"Currently in the top 1% of all Admin Support Providers on Elance! Ohio Virtual Assistants is a Virtual Assistant company with many years of experience. I have been providing these services for more than 8 years now and have the feedback to back it up. Although most you will not see on this profile, I do have a file that I will attach to my proposal so that you can see that I can't just talk the talk, but I can walk the walk as well. My goal is to provide nothing but great services to my clients. I am to the point in my business where I am... I provide your typical virtual assistant services, including data entry, transcription, internet research, and the like. I work with MS Office including Excel and I create interesting PowerPoint presentations. I provide internet marketing services such as search engine marketing and optimization, social media marketing and optimization, blog and article writing, link creation, local marketing, press release writing and distribution, media relation, public relations and more. I provide website design with on page seo included. Any work with SEO I can do. I work with html and WordPress and I can manage and maintain your blog. One of my passions is social media, all platforms. I can run your entire social media campaign on a budget that isn't hard to swallow. You will get the attention you need at a price you want. Whatever your needs, I can do it for you!!I'm not going to be as cheap as as offshore team member for most projects but I also don't grab every project and do shoddy work on a bunch of them all at the same time. I'd rather just do a great job on projects one or 2 at a time.I've had a saying that has pretty much summed up things over the last few years. \"If you are going to spend $50 on a $200 project, you are going to get $50 worth of work.\" Save yourself the extra $50 and just start with someone who is going to do it right the first time. I've cleaned up a lot of messes over the years and I don't want to see you fall into that same \"cheap rate\" trap so...Read More »"|"United States"|"Virtual Assistant;Data Entry;Social Media Marketing;Blog Writing;Internet Marketing;Web Design;Article Writing;Blogging;Marketing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Microsoft Word;Press Release Writing;Proposal Writing;Content Management"
"27"|"I have more than 15 years of freelance writing experience and 14 years experience in nonprofit management, communications and public relations.With eight years of grant writing experience, I raised more than $40,000 in new grant money her first year as a nonprofit Executive Director. With more than 125 articles published online through Demand Media and other online content, I have significant experience creating Constant Contact email newsletters, writing press releases, speeches, newsletter and magazine articles and have contributed... Grant WritingConstant ContactNewsletter WritingArticle WritingWeb Content WritingBusiness LettersLetters of Recommendation and ReferralsWedding/Funeral ProgramsObituariesEvent ScriptsBusiness ProfilesOther Read More »"|"United States"|"Grant Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;Communications;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;English Grammar;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Letter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Online Writing;Press Release Writing;Proposal Writing"
"24"|"i80 Global is the premier marketing and design destination for businesses, organizations, individuals, and startups, interested in bettering their brand. Take the plunge into a better business with the help from an experienced team of professionals versed in the latest trends and directly tap into your primary audiences without breaking a sweat. With i80 Global, your business is always NEW business.  Heather Rose is a Howard University alum with a B.A. in Journalism and minor in Sports Administration. While initially pursuing a career in print/online sports media, she was heavily recruited for three (3) years by ESPN but chose instead to broaden her skill set by working with a nonprofit based in Washington, DC. In 2011, just months after graduating, she founded a fullservice PR & Marketing Firm which has since gone on to represent clients in the entertainment, small business, healthcare, beauty, and sports arenas. Heather is an extremely driven individual who consistently meets deadlines and always strives to ensure client satisfaction at all costs. Her passionate writing and project management skills are bred from her desire to help others and continually challenge herself.About Laurus RoseLaurus Rose is a fullservice public relations and marketing firm with roots in the entertainment and sports industries. Our objective at Laurus Rose is to identify each of our client's newsworthy dimensions and create strategic campaigns that guarantee to inform, influence, and persuade the targeted audience. We aim to establish and grow your brand, while allowing you to focus strictly on your work as an artist, athlete, and/or entrepreneur. We pride ourselves on being a onestop shop for all of our clients, offering services in the following areas: * Branding * Media relations/publicity * Event marketing * Social media campaigns * Community outreach * Career...Read More »"|"United States"|"Blogging;Public Relations;Content Writing;WordPress;Newsletter Writing;Marketing;Social Media Marketing;Grant Writing;Brand Consulting;Proposal Writing"
"38"|"18 years of IT industry experience in areas of Project Delivery & Governance,   Product development and Project Engineering. Managed and delivered IT solutions across verticals such as Government, Development Banks, Higher Educational Institutions, Retail and Healthcare companies.Developed, Implementing & evaluated projects and programs.  Budgeting, determine program service levels & enhancements, manage and monitor programs, account management, delivery governance, customer, vendor & local partner relationship       Program Governance... Services Offered :• Enterprise Solutions –               Portals and collaborative solutions, Business Re engineering,               Bespoke Development, Product Development, Document & Knowledge               Management and Content Management• Domain         Healthcare     Retail & Manufacturing      Higher Education –        (Learning Management System, Campus Solution, Portal & Content           Management,  EResearch and Business Intelligence)      Banking        (Loan Management, Regulatory compliance, Treasury Management, Trust           Funds Management, Currency Management & Development Economics)    Read More »"|"India"|"Project Management;Microsoft Project;Portal Design & Development;Moodle;Project Planning;Proposal Writing;Joomla!;WordPress"
"46"|"Prepare compelling content for websites, newsletters and social media. I bring Substantial experience in business  not only am I a great writer but I understand the importance of growing revenues through effective marketing. Expert in proposal writing for grant applications and government RFPs. One of my clients states: \"Mr. Ronson's fresh eyes on our project, his innovative approach to making our case and his ability to expertly edit our justification to fit the limitations of the application format were keys to its success.\" Many years...  15 years of experience as a journalist and newspaper editor A marketing and communications professional for the past 20 years Created a number of websites in education, recreation and healthcare Attract clients by writing valueadded content for newsletters, social media and blogsRead More »"|"Canada"|"Business Writing;Editing;Online Writing;Business Planning;Marketing;Enewsletters;Proposal Writing;Grant Writing"
"27"|"I worked as Project Manager for the last six years for an entrepreneur and marketing guru in the legal field and attorney marketing.  My experience includes producing ghost written legal books, eBooks, training manuals, marketing materials, web content, blog content and press releases.  I also managed an oversea team of web developers, content writers and graphic artist to four main websites and hundreds of pumper sites.I am able to handle a large project workload with varying focuses and produce high quality work product reflecting the..."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Online Writing;Report Writing;Business Writing;Creative Writing;Customer Service;Public Relations;Sales"
"46"|"Testing out in the top 1% for Article Writing/Blogging and the top 5% for Academic Writing shows my versatility. I'm a nativeborn US citizen based in New England. My Elance projects have ranged from creative fiction writing for children, product reviews and descriptions, and articles on a host of topics including personal development, leadership theory and practice, conducting research, art and artists, exhibits and theme parks, travel, politics, environmental and sustainability issues, and much more. With four years of doctoral studies... Writing of all types, but especially website/blog content articles, academic writing, ebooks, speeches and more. I have highly developed Internet research skills that allow me to write knowledgeably on just about any topic (see my portfolio for samples). My editing services will take your alreadywritten material and polish it to a high shine.Read More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Academic Writing;English;Speech Writing;Creative Writing;Report Writing;Blogging;Resume Writing;Editing;English Spelling;Advertising;English Punctuation;Grant Writing;English Grammar;Travel Writing"
"50"|"K.C. Dermody is a published author with special expertise in travel as well as health/wellness/nutrition, sports and fitness. She is an experienced world traveler and an individual with a passion for optimal wellness through natural means as well as having an extensive sales & marketing background.K.C. is the author of a high ranking Ireland travel guide on Amazon and recently published her second book in addition to working with a number of clients to create quality content.  As an acclaimed writer, she is a featured contributor for a... Exceptional and experienced published author with an ability to write quality original articles, books and web content on a wide variety of  topics with extensive experience in travel, health, wellness and nutrition, herbs, wine, medical writing, sports, business and celebrity news.K.C. is able to assist with most types of writing projects including blog posts, articles, web pages/copywriting, ebooks, ghostwriting and much more.Please note, she is unable to provide \"rewrite\" articles that belong to another author, but is happy to improve or rewrite an article that you own or have written in order to make it shine!Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Online Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Creative Writing;English;English Grammar;English Spelling;Business Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Customer Service;Knowledge of Microsoft Office;Advertising;Google AdSense;Marketing"
"33"|"I can get the job done right, the first time! A seasoned professional with 13+ years experience. I have extensive experience in high tech companies holding both production and marketing positions. My marketing experience spans social media, publishing, ad design and sales. I have also held sales and technology positions within the real estate service industry. BS in Business, with a Concentration in Marketing I have 12+years of experience in marketing, sales and public relations. Past job experience includes the following: Social media (YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn, etc.), real estate, marketing, website content writing, blog writing, brand strategy, launching a new brand/ product. A PR expert with emphasis in business/marketing plan design and implementation, effective product positioning, media planning, marketing campaign management, experience in crowdfunding campaigns, training applications, market research, lead generation, software quality assurance, newspaper production, ad sales, direct mail planning, script writing, screenplay writing experience and market segmentation planning. I pride myself on quality work done in a timely matter and am always available to answer questions. High attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills, hardworking, excellent organizational skills, works independently, strong written and verbal communication skills.Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blogging;Business Writing;Copywriting;Ghostwriting;Newsletter Writing;Online Writing;Press Release Writing;Proposal Writing;Report Writing"
"45"|"I am a highly experienced, highly motivated brand development, marketing and copy writing professional with more than 13 years of experience, which I look forward to bringing to your business. During the last decade, I have worked at some of the largest magazine/media companies in the U.S., including Better Homes & Gardens, Women's Wear Daily (WWD), Every Day with Rachael Ray, Time Out New York, The Week, Metropolitan Home and many more. In my multifaceted role, I performed a variety of tasks from developing integrated marketing..."|"United States"|"Advertising;Marketing;Business Writing;Internet Marketing;Report Writing;Social Media Marketing;Management Skills;Event Planning;English;English Grammar;Market Research;Public Relations;Microsoft Word;Microsoft PowerPoint;Microsoft Outlook"
"148"|"Its nice to read something a little different, right? That's exactly what you get when you work with me. I am an Australian writer with a portfolio of just under a thousand articles written for my clients over the last 12 months. My background is in sales and marketing, and I know how to write copy that sells. I've created entire websites for my clients from scratch, using my unique content and skills in wordpress to build industry specific sites for a wide range of different businesses.I am an organized and dedicated professional, and... My writing to date has trained me to produce highquality content on a daily basis, in a huge range of different fields.I can take guidance from my clients or be given a title to run with, both of which the final products can be revised until both sides are happy with the result.I know how to make keywords fit naturally into my writing, so you get targeted content that Google loves for SEO.Building websites with Wordpress I am very familiar with uploading content, formatting and getting my articles looking great on your site.Read More »"|"Thailand"|"Report Writing;Project Management;Analytics;Resume Writing;Microsoft Word;English Spelling;English;Business Writing;Editing;Market Research"
"11"|"I have over seven years writing online covering entertainment news and reality television. I am an expert in SEO and content management. I have editing and proofreading skills."|"United States"|"Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Writing;Blog Writing;Report Writing;Online Writing;English;Adobe Photoshop;WordPress;Editing;Content Writing"
"20"|"With experience in a variety of fields, I have the ability to provide wellrounded copy in a variety of subjects and formats. Ranging from the food and beverage industry to a current position in the publishing industry, with degrees in the fields of both Business and Communications, I have a wealth of knowledge in my background, and am eager to use it.I will provide crisp copy, always original, and always on time. I can provide creative content just as well as I can provide a sharp, authoritative, wellresearched report. I have written... I am currently employed as a proofreader and editor at a financial printer. They hire only the best, as the strict guidelines of the financial world means that misplacing a decimal point or comma, or misspelling a word, can be disastrous for the company and the printer. I apply these same strict standards to my freelancing work, as the small personal client is no less important than the multinational companies I provide services for on a daily basis.Before working in the publishing world, I developed knowledge of a variety of subjects through experience. These include having been employed at a car lot and being raised by a mechanic, both of which instilled a love of automobiles in me that exists to this day. I have worked in the entertainment industry, as a sound board operator, lighting board operator, setup/teardown worker and even as a bouncer. I have worked in the food and beverage industry, working my way up from a bouncer/parttime cook to manager of the bar before departing for new challenges. I have worked in the field of residential and industrial painting as well, providing construction companies and independent contractors with hints and tip on paint, equipment, and trying different processes to get better results.Aside from my work experience, I also gained a variety of experiences through education and extracurricular work. With a B.S. in Communications and a B.S. in Business, and a minor in History and additional coursework in Political Science, I came...Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Content Writing;Online Writing;Article Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Microsoft Word;Business Writing;English;U.S. Culture;Search Engine Optimization (SEO)"
"27"|"Sure, you could get someone cheaper. If you look around long enough, you could probably get someone to write you a 500 word blog post for $1.25. But remember that old adage 'you get what you pay for.'Google has changed, people. The algorithm that used to value keyword density over relevance is gone. Instead, Google looks for one thing to get your page to number 1. Quality. And you aren't going to get that for $1.25 an article. If you're serious about making it to the top of the search results then you need to get serious about the... SEO ContentNews ArticlesE Books and FormattingCopywritingBlogs/Social Media MarketingRead More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Online Writing;Business Writing;Social Media Marketing;Resume Writing;Creative Writing;English;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Search Engine Marketing (SEM)"
"110"|"A firstrate journalist, I can expertly cover a wide variety of topics. My pieces are always backed by credible research, and I'm an expert interviewer.  My specialties include ebooks, copywriting, ghostwriting, blogging, and traditional journalism. I'm not just here to make money; my clients' satisfaction is of paramount importance to me. I am also an experienced copy editor and can make what you've written sparkle with clarity and creativity. I write extremely quickly, making me an ideal choice for rush jobs. The best writers are... I can expertly cover a variety of topics ranging from fluffy lifestyle pieces to indepth educational and academic topics. I am also an experienced legal writer. Perhaps one of my greatest strengths as a writer is my speed. I write very quickly, and unlike some speed writers, I never sacrifice quality. This is a great benefit to clients who need immediate results for indepth topics. I understand that you're looking for a good bargain. But bargain isn't just about price. It's also about quality, reliability and speed. I will ensure you get every penny's worth of your money. I believe in being friendly, courteous and genuine at all times, and many of my clients have told me that working with me is fun and easy. I have bachelor's degrees in philosophy and developmental psychology and certifications in child nutrition, crisis counseling, CPR/first aid and wildlife rehabilitation. I've taken a number of classes in a variety of other fields. I have a diverse and varied background upon which I draw when writing. I have worked as a paralegal, a nanny, a tutor, a wildlife rehabilitator, a crisis counselor and a jewelry designer.  I draw on these experiences, my strong research skills and my embarrassingly large book collection when writing an article. However, writing is my true passion, not just a side job. You can rest easy knowing that you're getting a true professional with a wealth of experience in a variety of fields. I've written for wellknown websites, for...Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;Report Writing;Online Writing;Microsoft Word;Google Analytics"
"110"|"I have more than 10 years experience as a software technical writer. I have a doctorate in Electrical Engineering, and have a strong technical background. I can quickly come up to speed with new technologies and tools. I have worked with engineering design software, 3D mechanical design software, business optimization software, and network authentication software. I have published articles in refereed journals, and managed funded research programs.I also have an active video channel and am an independent producer of instructional and..."|"United States"|"Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Microsoft PowerPoint;Computer Skills;HTML5;Content Writing;Online Writing;Report Writing;Creative Writing;English"
"7"|"I am M.Sc., MBA, MS, Ph.D., in top 1% SEO Experts, top 0.01% Social Media Marketing Experts & ranked in the top providers in Writing, Sales & Marketing and Admin category.“I have worked with Sadaf for over two years to create my social media brand. She did an outstanding job! ”“Thank you! Excellent SEO expert. Friendly and so cooperative. I am really glad to work with Dr. Sadaf and sure I will hire again.”“I've been working with Sadaf for about 10 months on a monthly basis. I'm very happy with her SEO work and high quality back links.... S A M P L E SPlease search on Google with my name \"Sadaf Ajmal\" Ph.D and you will find my research work which are publish in International Journals.W H A T  I  DO:1. Research  writing, rewriting, review & proofread US/UK English2. WordPress blogging  technical, medical, health, IT blog writing3. Web content writing  seo landing pages, website, sales web copy4. Copywriter  case studies, sales copy, academic writing, ebooks5. SEO Article writing  creative, technical & business plan writing6. Press Release  newsletters, press release, brochures7. Article Submission  directory submission like Ezine, Hubpages, Squidoo.8. Social Media Campaign on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, Tumblr, Pinterest, Instagram, Flickr9. Affiliate Networks management: Empower Network, ClickBank, Commission Junction, LinkShareI have written and edited many types of:* Books* Ebooks* Case studies* White papers* Technical and scientific reports* Website copy* Newsletters and ezines* Magazine articles* Journal articles* Internal corporate documents, including, manuals, and training materials* Correspondence* Blog entriesW R I T I N GI am comfortable writing on almost any topic, though I do have special expertise in the following topics:* Human Resources* Accounting* Finance* Business* Management* Self Improvement* Biology* Genetics* BiochemistryI have significant experience writing and ghostwriting the following:* Scholarly articles* Magazine...Read More »"|"Pakistan"|"Content Writing;Social Media Marketing;Online Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Creative Writing;Microsoft Word;English Spelling;English;WordPress;Report Writing;Business Writing;Internet Marketing;Facebook Marketing;Twitter Marketing;Academic Writing"
"44"|"My proficiency in the creative use of language and ability to craft written pieces that engage the reader are available to assist the impact of the content you require.  I seek to put people at ease with genuine curiosity and kindness, both of which are essential to truly drawing out the essence of a particular project so that content can be created that reflects the vision of the client.  I have a heavy concentration of experience writing about contemporary music, the arts, and communities, as well as SEO rich content to drive traffic to... Blogging, copy writing, web content creation, social media promotion, social media management, creative writing, content round ups, marketing copy writing and other related services.  Please see my full resume here:  https://incantationwrites.wordpress.com/resume/ Read More »"|"United States"|"WordPress;Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;Report Writing;English;English Grammar;Business Writing;Legal Writing;Transcription"
"40"|"Wouldn’t you agree that appearances count? Documents that get read are those that appear easy to read, interesting, and important. A message that has visual impact will attract attention and invite readership… and I know just how much you invested in that document and I can be counted on to make it shine! Think of how proud you’ll feel having a document that establishes your credibility even before you state your case. I can provide you with that polished and professional document you’ve been dreaming of. I love what I do, and I like to... *** Top freelancer with Adobe InDesign / MS Word / MS Powerpoint on Elance. ***>  More than 20 years of corporate experience>  Satisfaction guaranteed>  Support 5 days a week>  100% custommade production>  Unlimited revisions and quick turnaround time>  Fluently trilingual in English, French and SpanishOver the past 20+ years, I have built a solid reputation on delivering unique corporate design solutions and now for startup companies to big business. No job is too large or too small. Expert in layout and design of business and academic documents including white papers, case studies, reports, company profiles and reports, branding kits, training guides, proposals, tenders, business plans, resumes, templates, certificates, invitations, newsletters, ebooks and books, presentations, corporate visual identity kits and marketing collateral. Print CollateralWhite papersReportsCase studiesBook layout and designTemplatesFormsCatalogsAnd any other document formattingElectronicPowerPoint presentationsCorporate Visual IdentityBranding kitsGraphic guidelinesStationary (letterhead, envelope and business card)Company profilesMarketingStrategy and positioningMarket research and analysisGraph designReport productionSurvey and questionnaire designContent MarketingIf I am missing anything you’d like me to work on, please let me know! Read More »"|"Canada"|"Adobe InDesign;Microsoft PowerPoint;Presentation Design;Microsoft Word;Format & Layout;Page Layout;Report Writing;White Paper Writing;Stationery Design;Adobe PDF;Style Guide Development;eBook Design;French;Translation Spanish French;Corporate Brand Identity"
"35"|"Norwegian with extensive experience in professional writing, in both Norwegian and English. English as working language for 20 years and English husband, so used to thinking and communicating in both languages simultaneously.MSc social science, anthropology, philosophy; associate degree in business studies.Source languages: English, Danish, Swedish, German, Spanish.Target languages: Norwegian, English.Old Scandinavian handwriting. Former civil servant in Norway and abroad (UN), Norwegian teacher, business woman. Now full time..."|"Norway"|"English;Translation English Norwegian;Translation Norwegian English;Danish-Norwegian Translation;Swedish-Norwegian Translation;Translation Danish English;Swedish-Englsih Translation;SDL Trados;Spanish-Norwegian Translation;Report Writing;German;Translation English Danish;Translation English Swedish;Norwegian;German-Norwegian Translation"
"27"|"As a freelance professional with a degree in history and economics,  I write financial blogs, business articles and website content. In the past, I have worked as a ghostwriter for spirituality and business leadership. My current freelance clients include professionals in real estate, finance, religion, travel and global leadership coaching. I also do Spanish and Italian translations.   I put 100% effort into each job and assignment I carry out. I write for the client, so I am always open to new ideas and will do revisions until each piece is perfect. I primarily write articles on science, real estate, finance, spirituality and travel. When it comes to fiction, most of my work has centered around romance novels. Although I have focused on these subjects in the past, I am always open to learning new things for new project types. When you work with me, you can expect: Two revision requests with each project Projects submitted on the deadline Continuous communication A highquality of writingIn return, I ask for the escrow account to be funded before beginning because it   makes my side of the business safer.  Once the project is complete, you have one month to ask for revisions and complete the payment process. Read More »"|"United States"|"Financial Writing;English;Article Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Translation Spanish English;Academic Writing;Ghostwriting"
"30"|"I am a multitalented creative thinker with an academic twist. I have always loved art and writing but I studied Psychology and Economics at University instead. I started my career tutoring young adults as well as children with special needs and only recently returned to my love of art by taking courses in Graphic Design. All of this means that I can draw from many different sources of experience to produce excellent results in a host of different fields. I look forward to working with you!"|"Trinidad And Tobago"|"Content Writing;Report Writing;Creative Writing;Resume Writing;English;Article Writing;Adobe Illustrator;Copywriting;Logo Design;Academic Writing"
"7"|"I am M.Sc., MBA, MS, Ph.D., in top 1% SEO Experts, top 0.01% Social Media Marketing Experts & ranked in the top providers in Writing, Sales & Marketing and Admin category.“I have worked with Sadaf for over two years to create my social media brand. She did an outstanding job! ”“Thank you! Excellent SEO expert. Friendly and so cooperative. I am really glad to work with Dr. Sadaf and sure I will hire again.”“I've been working with Sadaf for about 10 months on a monthly basis. I'm very happy with her SEO work and high quality back links.... S A M P L E SPlease search on Google with my name \"Sadaf Ajmal\" Ph.D and you will find my research work which are publish in International Journals.W H A T  I  DO:1. Research  writing, rewriting, review & proofread US/UK English2. WordPress blogging  technical, medical, health, IT blog writing3. Web content writing  seo landing pages, website, sales web copy4. Copywriter  case studies, sales copy, academic writing, ebooks5. SEO Article writing  creative, technical & business plan writing6. Press Release  newsletters, press release, brochures7. Article Submission  directory submission like Ezine, Hubpages, Squidoo.8. Social Media Campaign on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, Tumblr, Pinterest, Instagram, Flickr9. Affiliate Networks management: Empower Network, ClickBank, Commission Junction, LinkShareI have written and edited many types of:* Books* Ebooks* Case studies* White papers* Technical and scientific reports* Website copy* Newsletters and ezines* Magazine articles* Journal articles* Internal corporate documents, including, manuals, and training materials* Correspondence* Blog entriesW R I T I N GI am comfortable writing on almost any topic, though I do have special expertise in the following topics:* Human Resources* Accounting* Finance* Business* Management* Self Improvement* Biology* Genetics* BiochemistryI have significant experience writing and ghostwriting the following:* Scholarly articles* Magazine...Read More »"|"Pakistan"|"Content Writing;Social Media Marketing;Online Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Creative Writing;Microsoft Word;English Spelling;English;WordPress;Report Writing;Business Writing;Internet Marketing;Facebook Marketing;Twitter Marketing;Academic Writing"
"49"|"As an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, I seek to bridge the gap between the academic literature and the training classroom, applying adult learning theories and virtual training techniques to increase skills and knowledge acquisition, training transfer, and job performance in a wide variety of industries. I am seeking consulting projects will allow me to apply my extensive virtual classroom experience and knowledge of virtual training theory to build training programs that will entertain, inform, and drive employee success. My academic research focuses on the analysis of stress in the workplace, and how various types of stressors affect both the physical and mental health of workers. By identifying these important precursors to employee burnout and turnover, changes can be made to the work environment that will encourage the retention of skilled and experienced workers.In addition to my business qualifications, I am a prolific writer of scientific articles, poetry, and fiction. I am open to freelance writing contracts for anything from your basic business plan and initial policy handbooks and contracts, to popular articles or fiction.Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Editing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Speech Writing"
"46"|"Testing out in the top 1% for Article Writing/Blogging and the top 5% for Academic Writing shows my versatility. I'm a nativeborn US citizen based in New England. My Elance projects have ranged from creative fiction writing for children, product reviews and descriptions, and articles on a host of topics including personal development, leadership theory and practice, conducting research, art and artists, exhibits and theme parks, travel, politics, environmental and sustainability issues, and much more. With four years of doctoral studies... Writing of all types, but especially website/blog content articles, academic writing, ebooks, speeches and more. I have highly developed Internet research skills that allow me to write knowledgeably on just about any topic (see my portfolio for samples). My editing services will take your alreadywritten material and polish it to a high shine.Read More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Academic Writing;English;Speech Writing;Creative Writing;Report Writing;Blogging;Resume Writing;Editing;English Spelling;Advertising;English Punctuation;Grant Writing;English Grammar;Travel Writing"
"50"|"K.C. Dermody is a published author with special expertise in travel as well as health/wellness/nutrition, sports and fitness. She is an experienced world traveler and an individual with a passion for optimal wellness through natural means as well as having an extensive sales & marketing background.K.C. is the author of a high ranking Ireland travel guide on Amazon and recently published her second book in addition to working with a number of clients to create quality content.  As an acclaimed writer, she is a featured contributor for a... Exceptional and experienced published author with an ability to write quality original articles, books and web content on a wide variety of  topics with extensive experience in travel, health, wellness and nutrition, herbs, wine, medical writing, sports, business and celebrity news.K.C. is able to assist with most types of writing projects including blog posts, articles, web pages/copywriting, ebooks, ghostwriting and much more.Please note, she is unable to provide \"rewrite\" articles that belong to another author, but is happy to improve or rewrite an article that you own or have written in order to make it shine!Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Online Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Creative Writing;English;English Grammar;English Spelling;Business Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Customer Service;Knowledge of Microsoft Office;Advertising;Google AdSense;Marketing"
"148"|"Its nice to read something a little different, right? That's exactly what you get when you work with me. I am an Australian writer with a portfolio of just under a thousand articles written for my clients over the last 12 months. My background is in sales and marketing, and I know how to write copy that sells. I've created entire websites for my clients from scratch, using my unique content and skills in wordpress to build industry specific sites for a wide range of different businesses.I am an organized and dedicated professional, and... My writing to date has trained me to produce highquality content on a daily basis, in a huge range of different fields.I can take guidance from my clients or be given a title to run with, both of which the final products can be revised until both sides are happy with the result.I know how to make keywords fit naturally into my writing, so you get targeted content that Google loves for SEO.Building websites with Wordpress I am very familiar with uploading content, formatting and getting my articles looking great on your site.Read More »"|"Thailand"|"Report Writing;Project Management;Analytics;Resume Writing;Microsoft Word;English Spelling;English;Business Writing;Editing;Market Research"
"20"|"With experience in a variety of fields, I have the ability to provide wellrounded copy in a variety of subjects and formats. Ranging from the food and beverage industry to a current position in the publishing industry, with degrees in the fields of both Business and Communications, I have a wealth of knowledge in my background, and am eager to use it.I will provide crisp copy, always original, and always on time. I can provide creative content just as well as I can provide a sharp, authoritative, wellresearched report. I have written... I am currently employed as a proofreader and editor at a financial printer. They hire only the best, as the strict guidelines of the financial world means that misplacing a decimal point or comma, or misspelling a word, can be disastrous for the company and the printer. I apply these same strict standards to my freelancing work, as the small personal client is no less important than the multinational companies I provide services for on a daily basis.Before working in the publishing world, I developed knowledge of a variety of subjects through experience. These include having been employed at a car lot and being raised by a mechanic, both of which instilled a love of automobiles in me that exists to this day. I have worked in the entertainment industry, as a sound board operator, lighting board operator, setup/teardown worker and even as a bouncer. I have worked in the food and beverage industry, working my way up from a bouncer/parttime cook to manager of the bar before departing for new challenges. I have worked in the field of residential and industrial painting as well, providing construction companies and independent contractors with hints and tip on paint, equipment, and trying different processes to get better results.Aside from my work experience, I also gained a variety of experiences through education and extracurricular work. With a B.S. in Communications and a B.S. in Business, and a minor in History and additional coursework in Political Science, I came...Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Content Writing;Online Writing;Article Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Microsoft Word;Business Writing;English;U.S. Culture;Search Engine Optimization (SEO)"
"27"|"Sure, you could get someone cheaper. If you look around long enough, you could probably get someone to write you a 500 word blog post for $1.25. But remember that old adage 'you get what you pay for.'Google has changed, people. The algorithm that used to value keyword density over relevance is gone. Instead, Google looks for one thing to get your page to number 1. Quality. And you aren't going to get that for $1.25 an article. If you're serious about making it to the top of the search results then you need to get serious about the... SEO ContentNews ArticlesE Books and FormattingCopywritingBlogs/Social Media MarketingRead More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Online Writing;Business Writing;Social Media Marketing;Resume Writing;Creative Writing;English;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Search Engine Marketing (SEM)"
"44"|"Words are an art form that convey powerful images and messages. My message to potential clients is that it would be a privilege to write the words that work for you.Lifelong resident of Washington State, I currently reside on Maui working as a freelance writer. With a B.S. degree in Promotional Media for Tourism and experience as a writer and editor for a state tourism authority, I specialize in writing about tourism, travel and the hospitality industry.I also have a passion for interior decorating and design, with working experience,... ELANCE SKILLS TESTS:Top 10% in English SpellingTop 30% in Article WritingTop 30% in Content WritingEXPERIENCE IN TRAVEL AND TOURISM RELATED WORK:~ Web copy for luxury vacation rentals and site content.~ Magazine: design, cover, feature articles, photos, writing and editing.~ Newspaper articles related to the industry.~ Brochure: content, photos, design, writing, fact checking, proofreading.~ Calendar of Events: copy, research, fact checking, photos.~ Print materials for conventions and trade shows.ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:~ Interior Design.~ Houzz.com. Managing Houzz presence via discussions, ideabooks, projects. ~ Newspaper: feature articles and editorials.~ Radio Sales: commercial copy and voice overs.~ Books: ghostwriting, editing.~ Blogging: WordPress.com~ Medical Manuscripts: training manual for VA Hospital.~ Legal documents: legal secretary and legal clientele.~ Business: HOA proposals, meeting advisories and minutes.~ Academic: Editing theses & term papers.~ Photography: Website, magazine and brochure photos.~ Resumes, published poetry, personal autobiographyunpublished.~ Public Relations: Speech writing.~ Managing Houzz portfolio, discussions, projects, ideabooks, protopro forum and interior design advice. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Editing;English;English Spelling;Online Writing;Resume Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing"
"22"|"I am an educator and freelance writer who specializes in ghostwriting contemporary romance. I pride myself on creating dynamic characters and sharp, witty dialogue. I'm primarily interested in fixed price projects."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Business Writing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;Resume Writing"
"12"|"I am adept in research, document formatting, GIS projects, and Excel. My goal is to have 100% client satisfaction.  My forte is in research, Excel, and social media. I have excellent writing skills with an emphasis on detail. I have completed Powerpoint presentations for educators about Marzano's Art & Science of Teaching, researching GIS maps for real estate work, and transcription. I enjoy working on property research, transcription, mailing list development, and social media management. Read More »"|"United States"|"Microsoft Excel;Internet Research;Microsoft PowerPoint;Microsoft Word;Resume Writing;General Office Skills;Time Management;Transcription;English Spelling;Travel Planning"
"55"|"There are many freelance writers out there from which you can choose. How will you finally sort through us all and decide? Maybe this will help: I'm in the top 1% in the \"Writing and Translating\" category on Elance. I got there because my primary task is to build an understanding and a partnership before I build a written product. I want what you want in a finished piece. In a world full of word clutter and noise, sometimes you need someone who will help you stand out from the rest. Other times you need a workhorse of an information piece... As your hired wordsmith, my goal is to create writing that presents your outstanding work in the best light. You need powerful words. I know what they are, and how to organize them.  I don't believe in wasting words. If words don't have the greatest impact possible, it's time to choose some new words.  I've seen many clients rightly complain in the Elance \"water cooler\" area that freelance writers don't communicate with them. By many accounts, the average writer wants to jump in, do the job quickly, collect the cash and bug out again. What a lousy and boring way to do business. How will they know if they've succeed and what impact they've made if they haven't taken the time to create a better business relationship? I need to experience the satisfaction that comes with witnessing a homerun. I need to know I hit the mark. In this everchanging world, I need to see what still works and what doesn't. So, I'm there until there is a finished product and the \"reviews\" are in.If you're looking for someone to churn out a flood of words in a rapidfire fashion, I'm probably not your guy. I work fast enough when necessary, but I think \"content mills\" reduce our standards in the long run. You don't have to look far on the web to see that happening. I like to think I write good, thoughtful material, and I really can't do that if you're more interested in the clock ticking than the creative process. I do respect deadlines and pick only jobs where the due date is realistic. I won't...Read More »"|"United States"|"Copywriting;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;English Grammar;English;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Resume Writing;Copy Editing;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Fiction Writing;Press Release Writing"
"30"|"I am a multitalented creative thinker with an academic twist. I have always loved art and writing but I studied Psychology and Economics at University instead. I started my career tutoring young adults as well as children with special needs and only recently returned to my love of art by taking courses in Graphic Design. All of this means that I can draw from many different sources of experience to produce excellent results in a host of different fields. I look forward to working with you!"|"Trinidad And Tobago"|"Content Writing;Report Writing;Creative Writing;Resume Writing;English;Article Writing;Adobe Illustrator;Copywriting;Logo Design;Academic Writing"
"49"|"As an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, I seek to bridge the gap between the academic literature and the training classroom, applying adult learning theories and virtual training techniques to increase skills and knowledge acquisition, training transfer, and job performance in a wide variety of industries. I am seeking consulting projects will allow me to apply my extensive virtual classroom experience and knowledge of virtual training theory to build training programs that will entertain, inform, and drive employee success. My academic research focuses on the analysis of stress in the workplace, and how various types of stressors affect both the physical and mental health of workers. By identifying these important precursors to employee burnout and turnover, changes can be made to the work environment that will encourage the retention of skilled and experienced workers.In addition to my business qualifications, I am a prolific writer of scientific articles, poetry, and fiction. I am open to freelance writing contracts for anything from your basic business plan and initial policy handbooks and contracts, to popular articles or fiction.Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Editing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Speech Writing"
"75"|"Contact me for all of your copywriting needs. Not that you're bad  but I'm better. :)Talented marketing copywriter with a B.A. in English offers topnotch writing in the following areas: copywriting, content creation, seo article writing, editing, proofreading, creative writing, and more! About MeI'm a fulltime freelance copywriter in San Francisco, California. In my free time, you'll usually find me drinking sweet tea with my nose stuck in a book. When I get the chance, I hop on a plane and travel to new places. Fun Fact: I've... Here are just a few of the services that I offer:Copywriting  Websites, marketing material, etc. Web Content Standard Operating Procedure ManualsArticlesProduct DescriptionsBlog postsEbooksPress ReleasesSEO...and more! Read More »"|"United States"|"Copywriting;Business Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;Academic Writing;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Public Relations;Computer Skills;Email"
"28"|"Abby Campbell, BSc, SFN, SSN, CPT is a leading professional fitness and nutrition expert, researcher, and published author of \"One Size Does NOT Fit All Diet Plan: Meal Planning That Will Boost Your Metabolism, Break Through Plateaus, and Help You Achieve Maximum Fat Loss Today!\" For more than a decade, she has coached thousands of women locally and online to lose body fat and lead healthy lifestyles. Her clients have lost thousands of pounds, reclaimed health, and call her Coach No Gimmick. Abby is now retired from coaching and is a... Abby Campbell has been a professional coach, Certified Personal Trainer, and Certified Fitness and Sports Nutritionist for more than a decade. Through the years, she has participated in local, national, and international forums on the topics of health, fitness, and nutrition which took her into a writing career. She is currently retired from coaching while she obtains her Doctorates in Naturopathy. However, she has not quit writing as fitness and nutrition truth are her passion. Services offered include:* eBooks* Kindle books* CreateSpace books* Smashword books* eBook & book cover illustration* professional newsletters* Mailchimp newsletters* blogs* articles* meal plans* exercise plans* proofreading & editing* press releases* media kits (bio, spec sheet, promo sheet, flyers, and more)* business lettersPlease click READ MORE to see Certifications.Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Academic Writing;English Punctuation;English;Blogging;English Spelling;Resume Writing;Proofreading;Business Writing;Press Release Writing"
"40"|"Seasoned writer with more than 17 years of journalism, public relations and marketing experience. I  have a proven ability to produce engaging copy, meet tight deadlines, clarify complicated issues and write about a wide array of topics.  My portfolio includes news reporting, press releases, opeds, speeches, blog posts, websites, social media posts, newsletters and internal communications. Expertise in business, finance, technology, health care, energy, government policy, politics, environmental issues, science, legal issues and court... I offer quality writing and content development, as well as the versatility to work on a range of projects and topic matters. I provide clients with a full range of writings, including blog posts, press releases, news articles, white papers, ebooks and website content.  I write quickly and concisely, am able to manage tight deadlines and clarify complicated subject matter into easily readable copy. Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Creative Writing;English;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Article Writing;Press Release Writing;Blogging;Copywriting"
"30"|"I am an experienced proofreader and copy editor specializing in academic editing  dissertations, theses, scholarly papers. I hold a PhD in Humanities, which has furnished me with an approach to language that aims at precision, clarity, and coherence. I am well versed in the most popular style guides (Chicago, APA, MLA, etc.), and can work in both American and British English. While my background is in the arts and humanities, I also have experience working with academics and professionals in science, technology, and economicsrelated... Academic Editing  Beyond basic proofreading, I will help to identify any inconsistencies and points that need clarification, working with you to ensure that your paper flows and the grammar is flawless. Nonnative English language support  I will help to make your document read more fluently by improving sentence structures, and by correcting word usage and verb agreements Referencing and style formatting  I can make sure your references are all in the correct format according to the necessary style guide and inhouse guidelines.Proofreading for other documents  For every project I conduct thorough line editing ensuring proper verb tenses, vocabulary, syntax, and sentence structure.Cover letters & CVs (academic and professional)  I can make sure your job application is errorfree and make sure your documents are tailored to your industry standards.**Unfortunately, for academic work I cannot do any significant rewriting/paraphrasing of material or complete any other writing tasks, as it goes against academic integrity policies**Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Editing;English Proofreading;Dissertation Editing;APA Style;Chicago Style;Resume Writing;Translation;Copy Editing"
"22"|"My name is Kazim Ladimeji. I am a MCIPD qualified HR and Career Blogger. I edit my own market leading HR and Careers blog. I also accept guest posts relevant to careers, HR and small business and write guest posts for several leading online publications and have a broad and varied portfolio of work.I am a Chartered Member of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development or CIPD. The CIPD is Europe's largest HR and development professional body. I am also a practising HR Consultant and I provide HR services on contract basis to a... Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Human Resource Management;Market Research;Resume Writing;Organizational Behavior;Report Writing;Microsoft Excel;English;Technical Writing;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Access Administration;Project Management"
"25"|"I deliver high quality content on time at an affordable price.  My work is done efficiently and effectively, and I meet clients' needs.   I have been freelance writing for years, and I have decided to begin using eLance to manage my working relationships.  I am by far the hardest person I know to work for, sometimes so much that I hate being my own boss and having to answer to myself.  I take accountability to the next level.  If you are looking for someone who is intrinsically motivated to succeed, selfdisciplined, and hard working, look... I am a skilled writer in any topic given.  I know SEO, and I am familiar with all styles of research, and I am very well versed in the English language.  While writing is my passion, so is educations.  In additioin to running a classroom of my own, serving on the PA Planning Commission for the PDE,  I have written for several online curriculum companies.  I have even composed work books aligned with  Common Core.While writing and education are my first passions, I am equally skilled in web design and development.  I have written for numerous websites that range from sports management systems to nonprofit fundraising event websites.  My most recent project was a small store.  I can build blogs in both Joomla and WordPress.  Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Business Writing;Technical Writing;Academic Writing;Resume Writing;Blogs;Speech Writing;Report Writing;Content Writing;Feature Writing;joomla;Curriculum Development;Copy Editing;Proofreading"
"60"|"I am a bestselling author of eleven books and have been writing professionally for over ten years. I write novels in a number of genres (comedy, horror, suspense, fantasy) and short stories in all genres. I also have an abundance of experience writing articles, news, content, reviews, descriptions and blogs on a wide variety of topics.I have picked up a few tricks along the way and, as well as writing your book, I can also help you publish it and promote it. I provide creative writing services, from Ghostwriting to Content Writing and everything in between. I can also offer help with ebook marketing. Samples of my work are available on request.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Creative Writing;Article Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Copywriting;Online Writing;Blogging;English;Email;Content Writing;Writing;Sales Writing;English Spelling;Internet Marketing"
"50"|"I am sure you didn't wake up in the morning with the wish \"I will spend some money today on getting copy written for my business!\" And you know what, no one does that. Since you are reading my introduction, I believe you are interested in something different. The reason why so few people click big on Elance is because of the fact that they all want to provide the same product (or service) – good, high quality, timely content. No wonder the market is saturated. But thankfully you won’t get \"tired\" from me! I provide infinitely superior... Glad you are still here! As a token of appreciation, I would like to extend this \"Hiring the Perfect Writer\" checklist to you. Don't fret...no optin required. Just copy, paste and download. http://bit.ly/1qOWMuzDone? Great! Now before we proceed further I believe a clarification is the order of the day! I will not say that I have completed 20,000 fantastic projects OFF Elance because I believe it spoils the context of the platform! With me what you see is what you get! Every testimonial, job, sample can be verified by browsing my feedback section, my job history and my portfolio! I believe in transparency and delivering the best in the business with a smile! I extend fool proof business solutions in the following areas: WEBSITES 1. I provide SEO webcontent to suit the requirements of the clients. 2. I profile the web content in terms of keywords and build your keyword list after considerable competitor survey. 3. I suggest design and layout of a website complete with stock images and icons. 4. I maintain and update sites on WordPress platform. Polish the look of the site, add pages and embed videos and install plugins. VISUAL MATERIAL:1. I provide easy explainer videos for home pages and product descriptions 2. I create 3D renditions of 2D visuals to use in your marketing campaigns (need a hardcover image to go with that eBook? I am the person) 3. I do the full background research, copywriting and creation of simple infographics. ACADEMIC WRITING:...Read More »"|"India"|"ebooks and blogging;Technical writing and research;webcopy and strong SEO;Course material creation;Article Writing;Astrology and Tarot;Brand naming and image consulting;Sales Writing;Internet Marketing;English;English Spelling;Search Engine Marketing (SEM);Computer Skills;Facebook Marketing;E-mail marketing"
"33"|"I am an enthusiastic and creative, research savvy writing professional.I have written scripts for advertising, drama and promotion for live theatre, television and radio. Experienced includes web copy,existing and new, blogging, creative writing, articles, and many other forms of customer focused, targeted commercial copy.  You can expect prompt and friendly communications, swift turnaround times, and a fierce dedication to originality and quality. My technique is flexible and always tailored to client requirements.ComposerOriginal..."|"Australia"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Press Release Writing;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Content Management;Musical composition;Article Writing;Blog Writing"
"30"|"Join more than 60 of America's biggest names in the retail, manufacturing and service industries who have entrusted their marketing copy to me. My talent is backed by more than 25 years of experience and success in the world where R.O.I. is king. It's also brought me a few Addy awards along the way. Copywriting: I'll create a voice and style that precisely targets your customer...or use the style already established for your brand.   • Product copy that converts description to reasontobuy   • Corporate identity, branding and information   • Print ads that get action   • eCommerce copy   • Businesstoconsumer and businesstobusinessEditing: My command of English spelling, punctuation, grammar and composition is superb. I'm the person who sees mistakes in just about every magazine, brochure or website I read. I'll find yours...and fix them.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;English;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Letter Writing;Newsletter Writing;Press Release Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Content Management;Writing"
"16"|"I am a published writer specializing in sales copy, technical guides, business  reports and SEOfriendly blog posts. Fast turnaround times, with rush services available.  I am fluent in multiple sectors: sales, technical, business (commercial), and entertainment. Working with material supplied by clients or researched via credible sources, I can create the following:* Blog posts* Website copy* Brochure copy* Flyer copy* Company and entrepreneur profiles* Product manuals* Newsletters* GuidebooksI can also assist clients with transforming their written content into copy that will appeal to their intended audience. If someone wants to publish on Amazon, I will help them format their manuscript to comply with CreateSpace guidelines.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Online Writing;Report Writing;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Software Documentation;Content Management;eBooks;Content Writing"
"35"|"We specialize in helping you \"sell the story\" of your brand, your business or your product. We use advertising, branding, content, design, direct, email, inbound, lead generation, local, mobile, print, search, social, video and web marketing to help you deliver your message to your target audience. My company, Sales Communications, is an awardwinning U.S.based marketing agency. "|"United States"|"Sales;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Proposal Writing;Customer Service;CRM;Business Writing;Content Writing;Report Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Internet Marketing;Advertising;Google AdWords;Public Relations;Editing"
"33"|"Your words matter. They represent your brand, business, expertise, and credibility. I work with businesses who believe quality, researched, informative content is critical in expanding business. Businesses that understand the need for unique articles, informative content, engaging descriptions or high impact marketing materials. Businesses who believe that quality, not quantity should be a priority in a project. That's why I offer my clients content that: Works to develop expertise within their industry Contains quality content that... Your marketing content should be a highquality cluster of solid pieces and techniques; each piece serving its own purpose, together creating an unstoppable selling force. Sales Letters | Email Sales Letters | Long Form Sales LettersI am the only copywriter with an average 815% conversion rates on all of my sales letters.Your company can achieve the same results as my previous clients. My average conversion rate for sales letters is WELL above the average conversion rate of most companies. Why? I've developed a oneofakind formula that not only targets your audience appropriately, but drives home every emotional aspect your target audience might have. I take the time in developing your sales letter; working with you to define the appropriate target audience, sales letter angle and of course, implementing some of the highest converting sales letter headlines, sales letter call to actions, sales letter layouts and more. I care about the success of your business, because I've been there too. Let me help you write the perfect sales letter, and watch the sales start pouring in.Direct Mail | B2B Marketing | B2C Marketing | Lumpy Mail | Proposals | Fundraising Letters |Are you looking for that one piece of work that draws your customer in right from the first word? What if you could formulate a...Read More »"|"Canada"|"Article Writing;Sales Writing;Online Writing;Creative Writing;Internet Marketing;Marketing;Writing;E-mail marketing;Direct Marketing;B2B Marketing"
"30"|"Educated in England, I have traveled all over the world with my husband, a ship's captain. I write top quality freelance travel articles, website content, autoresponses, ebooks, bios, reviews, blogs, sales letters and product descriptions for highranking companies in the USA, Europe and Singapore.I am a fulltime professional copywriter with a diploma from the British College of Journalism. I was the Florida Editor for BellaOnline from 2011 to 2013, and am a member of  both the International Travel Writers' Alliance and the Gulf Coast... Conscientious, professional and experienced, I am a perfectionist. I guarantee the work is not completed until you, the customer, are completely satisfied. I want your repeat business!Many happy clients have given me excellent feedback and go on to become longterm repeat clients, which is the best possible reference. I have the experience, dedication and skills to create what you require, from humorous blog to factual handbook. Travel writing is my forte. I have traveled the world and lived in many exotic places including the USA, Panama, Australia, Europe and the Far East. My experiences have given me a broad view of the world and of the many facets of the human race. Freelance writing is now my fulltime profession and I am happy to research and write from personal experience and from my travel journals.I have written for many prestigious magazines including Geneva Today, Miami Social Affairs, South China Morning Post, Style magazine and Porsche Post, and have completed a number of commissioned short articles on real estate in the Republic of Panama. I am web literate and understand the importance of keywords and SEO.  My English grammar, spelling and literary skills are the best. I can write persuasive sales letters and am experienced in autoresponses and press releases. Editing and proofreading projects are also welcome.Please note, I write everything myself  no passing jobs on to staff and friends.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Travel Writing;Web Content;English Grammar;English;Editing;English Spelling;Creative Writing;Health Writing;English Proofreading;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Blogging;WordPress;Microsoft Word;Sales Writing;Resume Writing"
"71"|"With an MBA from Yale University School of Organization and Management, I specialize in developmental editing of business books and memoirs. I have also edited cookbooks, biographies, historical fiction, and other works of fiction and nonfiction. I also have a BA in Writing from Barnard College, a Certificate in Copyediting from UCSD, and am the author of a historical biography (http://amzn.to/AbitA) and a forthcoming book on selfpublishing.In addition to Developmental editing, I am also a Copyeditor and Proofreader;  Copywriter,... Coming from a business background, I write from a strategic point of view, focusing on what makes a product or service unique, and identifying what motivatex a prospective customer to take action, whether that is buying the product, signing up for the service, or investing money.When it comes to developmental and copyediting for other authors, I read and critique as both a reader and a writer, identifying where the pace slows down and how to speed it up; whether a character's personality in one part of the book is inconsistent with his actions in another part; as well as whether the story holds together or has gaps. I provide detailed critiques of fiction and nonfiction, and editing assistance  as much or as little as desired. I never want to \"take away\" the work from the writer by leading him/her in a different direction, but highlight where there are problems and,suggest solutions. I don't rewrite unless that is explicitly desired. Developmental editing guidance consists of several elements, including:1) Asking pointed questions.This can help an author define what it is s/he is trying to say, and realize what is unclear. \"This is what I think you're trying to accomplish, and here's what works or doesn't work.\"2) Comments on Structure: Have you created a structure that a reader can follow? If you are foreshadowing events  with actions or imagery  is that information embedded in such a way that it doesn't draw excess attention to itself.3) Pace: Do you lose...Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;English Grammar;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Sales Writing;Speech Writing"
""|"With an MBA from Yale University School of Organization and Management, I specialize in developmental editing of business books and memoirs. I have also edited cookbooks, biographies, historical fiction, and other works of fiction and nonfiction. I also have a BA in Writing from Barnard College, a Certificate in Copyediting from UCSD, and am the author of a historical biography (http://amzn.to/AbitA) and a forthcoming book on selfpublishing.In addition to Developmental editing, I am also a Copyeditor and Proofreader;  Copywriter,... Coming from a business background, I write from a strategic point of view, focusing on what makes a product or service unique, and identifying what motivatex a prospective customer to take action, whether that is buying the product, signing up for the service, or investing money.When it comes to developmental and copyediting for other authors, I read and critique as both a reader and a writer, identifying where the pace slows down and how to speed it up; whether a character's personality in one part of the book is inconsistent with his actions in another part; as well as whether the story holds together or has gaps. I provide detailed critiques of fiction and nonfiction, and editing assistance  as much or as little as desired. I never want to \"take away\" the work from the writer by leading him/her in a different direction, but highlight where there are problems and,suggest solutions. I don't rewrite unless that is explicitly desired. Developmental editing guidance consists of several elements, including:1) Asking pointed questions.This can help an author define what it is s/he is trying to say, and realize what is unclear. \"This is what I think you're trying to accomplish, and here's what works or doesn't work.\"2) Comments on Structure: Have you created a structure that a reader can follow? If you are foreshadowing events  with actions or imagery  is that information embedded in such a way that it doesn't draw excess attention to itself.3) Pace: Do you lose...Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;English Grammar;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Sales Writing;Speech Writing"
"33"|"I am a professional content developer with ten years of experience in creating all forms of content, as well as defining content marketing strategy for major international companies.The service I offer can be summarized by the three words experience, expertise and excellence:Experience – I have almost a decade of working upon a full range of content marketing related projects, as well as developing the content itself, under my belt.Expertise – Working at the sharp end of the content marketing funnel for such a long time, has left me... My previous work history includes projects for such high profile clients as Charles Saatchi and the Saatchi Gallery in Chelsea, London, and Austin Mitchell, the Labour MP for Grimsby.With a career that includes over two decades in a corporate environment, which has encompassed technical roles, management and directorship, I have a firm understanding of business and commerce. I am also an avid traveler, and have visited many countries around the world, often for months at a time. I love writing about travel, and always bid competitively on travel related projects.I have well developed research skills, and am happy to tackle every subject, no matter how extreme or obscure, I relish the challenge.Whatever your content requirements, when choosing me as your provider, you can be sure of receiving top quality results, within deadline and at an affordable price.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Business Writing;Copywriting;Press Release Writing;Content Writing;White Paper Writing;B2B Marketing;Technical Writing;Blog Writing;Online Writing;English Grammar"
""|"I am a professional content developer with ten years of experience in creating all forms of content, as well as defining content marketing strategy for major international companies.The service I offer can be summarized by the three words experience, expertise and excellence:Experience – I have almost a decade of working upon a full range of content marketing related projects, as well as developing the content itself, under my belt.Expertise – Working at the sharp end of the content marketing funnel for such a long time, has left me... My previous work history includes projects for such high profile clients as Charles Saatchi and the Saatchi Gallery in Chelsea, London, and Austin Mitchell, the Labour MP for Grimsby.With a career that includes over two decades in a corporate environment, which has encompassed technical roles, management and directorship, I have a firm understanding of business and commerce. I am also an avid traveler, and have visited many countries around the world, often for months at a time. I love writing about travel, and always bid competitively on travel related projects.I have well developed research skills, and am happy to tackle every subject, no matter how extreme or obscure, I relish the challenge.Whatever your content requirements, when choosing me as your provider, you can be sure of receiving top quality results, within deadline and at an affordable price.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Business Writing;Copywriting;Press Release Writing;Content Writing;White Paper Writing;B2B Marketing;Technical Writing;Blog Writing;Online Writing;English Grammar"
"13"|"I am a native French speaker, but I was raised bilingual French/Dutch. I have an English teaching degree and a Masters degree in Languages and Anthropology.  I am now involved in freelance translation for several years.I have a passion for languages and an eye (and ear) for detail."|"France"|"Translation English French;Translation Dutch English;English Proofreading;Translation German French;Sales Writing"
"27"|"I am a Copywriter and Marketing Consultant and I specialize in the Construction Industry. I work with clients to increase their sales through Direct Marketing. If you are looking for a great sales letter to increase sales in the construction industry, or some articles to position your company as a thought leader in your neck of the woods....then we should talk. I specialize in Lead Generation copywriting and marketing strategies. A steady supply of good, quality leads in the lifeblood of every business. Don't let your business suffer because you don't have a steady system in place...bringing in hot leads through your sales funnel.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Copywriting;Lead Generation;Sales Writing;Advertising;Marketing Strategy;Direct Marketing;E-mail marketing;Facebook Marketing;Freelance Marketing;Brochures;Google AdWords;In-Game Advertising;Internet Marketing;Market Research;Marketing"
"50"|"With 9+ years experience in copywriting, sales, marketing, branding, web journalism, and much more, I get the results you want through copy that compels your audience into action! I provide compelling content that gives you a standout image and delivers powerful results. Need copy written or revised for your website, brochures, emails, social network, or any other media platform? Look no further. I develop both print and digital content for an array of national and international clients, ensuring their vision and voice comes through as clearly as possible.Read More »"|"United States"|"English Spelling;Creative Writing;English;Content Writing;Internet Marketing;Online Writing;Business Writing;Sales;Script Writing;Sales Writing;Brand Consulting;Marketing;Direct Marketing;Fiction Writing;Article Writing"
"50"|"Don't think of app copywriting as an expense. It's a timeless asset that will provide your business with a massive ROI for years to come. Get playful, serious and emotioninducing copywriting from a professional who writes to make consumers take action and generate YOU more revenue. I write attentiongrabbing and energetic content that makes people install your mobile app. Highend mobile app copy that gets in their head and then converts.App Store optimization (ASO) App Store and Google Play Store mobile app descriptionsiOS/Android contentMobile app contentApp MarketingFacebook, Twitter, Social Media marketingApp copywritingWeb content/Technology writingApp BloggingRead More »"|"United States"|"App Store;Copywriting;App Store Optimization (ASO);English;Social Media Marketing;Article Writing;Content Writing;Sales Writing;Business Writing"
"50"|"I am sure you didn't wake up in the morning with the wish \"I will spend some money today on getting copy written for my business!\" And you know what, no one does that. Since you are reading my introduction, I believe you are interested in something different. The reason why so few people click big on Elance is because of the fact that they all want to provide the same product (or service) – good, high quality, timely content. No wonder the market is saturated. But thankfully you won’t get \"tired\" from me! I provide infinitely superior... Glad you are still here! As a token of appreciation, I would like to extend this \"Hiring the Perfect Writer\" checklist to you. Don't fret...no optin required. Just copy, paste and download. http://bit.ly/1qOWMuzDone? Great! Now before we proceed further I believe a clarification is the order of the day! I will not say that I have completed 20,000 fantastic projects OFF Elance because I believe it spoils the context of the platform! With me what you see is what you get! Every testimonial, job, sample can be verified by browsing my feedback section, my job history and my portfolio! I believe in transparency and delivering the best in the business with a smile! I extend fool proof business solutions in the following areas: WEBSITES 1. I provide SEO webcontent to suit the requirements of the clients. 2. I profile the web content in terms of keywords and build your keyword list after considerable competitor survey. 3. I suggest design and layout of a website complete with stock images and icons. 4. I maintain and update sites on WordPress platform. Polish the look of the site, add pages and embed videos and install plugins. VISUAL MATERIAL:1. I provide easy explainer videos for home pages and product descriptions 2. I create 3D renditions of 2D visuals to use in your marketing campaigns (need a hardcover image to go with that eBook? I am the person) 3. I do the full background research, copywriting and creation of simple infographics. ACADEMIC WRITING:...Read More »"|"India"|"ebooks and blogging;Technical writing and research;webcopy and strong SEO;Course material creation;Article Writing;Astrology and Tarot;Brand naming and image consulting;Sales Writing;Internet Marketing;English;English Spelling;Search Engine Marketing (SEM);Computer Skills;Facebook Marketing;E-mail marketing"
"27"|"I am a multipublished, agencyrepresented, bestselling author of over 25 fiction and nonfiction books with major New York publishers (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Penguin Putnam, McMillan/St. Martin's Press) in young adult, new adult, contemporary romance, women's fiction, and nonfiction. I have also ghost written and contributed to dozens of other books.What makes me a good writer is I have a passion for words. Being able to express and convey emotions, thoughts, and deeds through the written word is what motivates me. My writing is... \"Marley has been exceptional. She has been a delight to work with, especially because she is so clear and exacting, outlining the work prior commencement  this help avoid many possible headaches that may have cropped up otherwise. She definitely someone who would gladly have in my corner for other work.\"  ¿ InquisitiveMinds\"Marley is simply awesome! She is an extremely talented and experienced editor and suggests little details that make a huge impact. I am almost sad that my project is done because of how much I enjoyed working with this editor. I was really lucky to find her.\"   Client\"Great job again! This is my third contract with this freelancer. That's all you need to know.\"   Scott Simser\"This freelancer rocks my world, and is just straight up exceptional. She helped me bring my manuscript to the next level and had character and story insights that were just brilliant. I one hundred percent recommend this freelancer, and will absolutely be using her again for future manuscripts.\"  ClientThose are just a few comments from clients I've assisted and I'd like to help you, as well.Because life doesn't always happen between 9 and 5, and this global economy means we're not all on the same time, I will work around your schedule. We will discuss the project fully with a clear understanding of time deadlines, expectations, and milestones before we roll our sleeves up and get to work together.I have worked in the health care industry, higher education, computer...Read More »"|"United States"|"Microsoft Word;Editing;Creative Writing;English Proofreading;Ghostwriting;Children's Writing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Fiction Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Proposal Writing;Resume Writing;Sales Writing"
"30"|"Content truly is king. From timeless, actionoriented website copy to compelling, salesdriven emails, my writing is designed to set you apart from the crowd. There is nothing more damaging to your business than weak, errorridden, secondrate writing. Exceptional content, however, will position you as a leader in your respective industry, boosting your conversion rates and reader engagement. This is my guarantee. I am a British, universityeducated writer who specializes in writing nonfiction content that is imbued with creativity,... I specialize in the following: • Website Copy/Content  I write creative, concise, searchengine optimized copy for businesses and organisations, designed to be both informative and compelling, guaranteeing your company high conversion traffic for years to come• Sales & Promotional Content (Emails, Adverts, Brochures)  I write scripts, sales brochures, Facebook/Adword ads and sales emails for a huge variety of businesses, all designed to be concise, powerful and, most importantly, convert your readers into clientsOther Services:• Blog/Article Writing  I have written a range of published articles for industry leaders such as Adobe Systems, including music reviews, 'howto' style blog posts, thought pieces on politics, science, and the arts, and technology reviews• Editing and Proofreading  Editing to improve flow and readability, and proofreading for grammatical/spelling errors. I also provide deep, thorough edits, so your text says what you want it to say in the way you want to say it. All editing work will be completed using Microsoft Word 2013's 'track changes' to show you your content before and after editing• Research  As a writer, research comes to me naturally. I have provided research services for PhDlevel students all the way through to supermarket executives. I can source the information you require and provide it in a readable, usable format in Microsoft PowerPoint 2013 (or Word)Your project will be my priority. As such, I always reply within...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Copywriting;Content Writing;Sales Writing;Business Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Article Writing;English;Writing;Blogging;Computer Skills"
"44"|"Ultimately it's true for any artist, writer or composer...that we are our own product. So anything I say here to further induce you is moot, until you discover who I really am and what I can do for you. So, let's start here and now: resume and website!O.K. We both know that resumes are mostly boilerplateMine is not. If you truly want to find out all about me You can go to my website: www.robertjosephahola.com/Go to About Robert and draw down on Resumé Or just click on (or copy and paste) this link: this link:... Four things about me tell everything: 1) I'm a very quick study. I'm really fun to work with. And I never miss a deadline. 2) I know which questions to ask, and will challenge you with fresh thinking and original concepts you never thought of before. 3) I love pressure. It restores me and rewards you. So bring it on. I'm available 24/7. And I promise you I will exceed expectations. My credo is simple: Success takes more than just thinking outside the box. It means first defining the box  and then building one of our own that is so very original it will redefine the genre. That's what making impact is all about...courage and imagination—the perfect cocktail! Let's do more than bring out a product or a service. Let's make history. Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;Brand Consulting;Screenwriting;Journalism Writing;Copywriting;Editing;Englsh;WordPress"
"40"|"First impressions last a lifetime. What impression do you make on people who stumble your way? As a seniorlevel copywriter, I offer a complete solution to help you connect to your audience. TESTIMONIALS“As in every job to date, RC demonstrated a terrific combination of creativity, diligence and responsiveness while adhering to budget. Will definitely work with him again and again.”“As always, RC has delivered high quality content with a fast turnaround. Highly recommended!”“Probably the best content writer we have ever come across on... My expertise in a variety of content development areas speaks directly to the 21st century consumer. No longer are we just committed toward one medium (radio, TV, newspapers). The 21st century consumer scours the internet for anything and everything that catches his eye and answers the question \"What's in it for me?\"I offer any and all of my services, separately and as combinations (for example, many clients request a logo design and written tagline, or web content and layout design). I have included an extensive portfolio here, yet my personal portfolio is sure to have the most uptodate information. I can send you this portfolio upon request. Please also note that I have more samples to offer, if you're looking for something more specific toward your project needs.  SERVICE DESCRIPTION  WRITING SERVICESWEB PAGES | BLOGS | SCREENPLAYS (For promotional videos, commercials, YouTube spots, testimonials, and more) | SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT | CROWDFUNDING CAMPAIGNS | SERPS | NEWSLETTERS | PRESS RELEASES | TAGLINES | EMAIL CAMPAIGNS | ADS & MARKETING MATERIALSWEB DESIGN:I create customized websites  typically on WordPress using the Genesis Framework   that are functionally flawless and visually striking. Websites are created exactly to the client's specifications. My background in writing and graphic design allows me to create an entire site for you if you wish, or integrate your existing content. If you prefer the \"premade template approach,\" not a...Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;WordPress;Article Writing;Copywriting;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Online Writing;Web Design;Screenwriting;Press Release Writing;Script Writing;Grant Writing;Graphic Design;Logo Design;English;Social Media Marketing"
"75"|"As a bestselling author with ten years of experience, I've done it all: Scriptwriting for MTV, screenwriting at Universal Studios, critical and humorous reviews, social media management, editing books, copywriting, a variety of syndicated columns, and more. I can beef up your product or create a script that will glorify its features. I've performed as a storyteller all over the country and taken first place with The Moth storytelling in NYC. I was recently awarded \"Funniest Tweet of The Week\" by Huffington Post  And I can generate the same... After working as a screenwriter for major studios and MTV, I've written copy and press releases for everything from beauty products to the most popular DJs in NYC, generating a buzz so loud it'll mute your competition. My humorous collection of essays, Mouseschawitz, was an Amazon bestseller. SXSW Magazine recently contracted me to write last season's newbie article to rile up attendance, not to mention my red carpet experience interviewing celebrities from Dustin Hoffman to Kevin Bacon. Don't settle for a buzz when you can create an avalanche!My partner, Josh Hanagarne (author of The World's Strongest Librarian), and I offer a ghostwriting/editing service that produces the best possible books, scripts, novel outlines, book proposals, or even short stories for you to call your own.Please note: Phone consultations or Skype calls are scheduled by appointment only and only after the job is awarded to me. Read More »"|"United States"|"Bestselling Author;Script Writing;Ghostwriting;Comedic;Content Writing;Social Media Marketing;Web Content;Editing;Blog Writing;Screenwriting"
"28"|"I am a passionate & predominantly self taught digital artist specializing in photo manipulation and book cover design.In 2007 I received an Associate degree in Liberal Arts with my primary focus being electronic media. It was at this time I fell in love with video editing and storytelling through digital compositing. As of today I am in the process of returning to college where I'd be completing a Bachelor's degree in Communication.Most importantly, I consider myself skilled in 75% of the Adobe CC programs, including Photoshop, InDesign,...  Book cover design Photo manipulation Video Editing Photo retouching Flyer, poster design Logo design Brochure designRead More »"|"United States"|"Adobe Photoshop;Adobe Illustrator;Photo Editing;Cover Design;Covers & Packaging;Video Editing;Page Layout;Brochure Design;Poster Design;Format & Layout;eBooks;Screenwriting;Adobe Premiere;Adobe After Effects;Visual Arts"
"55"|"Edward is an award winning filmmaker. He has directed feature films that have played the world over. Edward has shot video campaigns for high profile clients such as Matt Damon, Water.org, Deadline, The Collective and Google. He and his team can handle projects large and small from howto videos, short films, commercials, demo reels and music videos to feature films and everything in between.Notable Companies/People Edward Has done Work ForGoogleYoutubeWater.orgMatt DamonAl Pacino VerizonUniversalParamountWarner Brothers... Video Production from A to Z. We write, shoot and edit.(Now offering 4k Resolution video)Web videosBook TrailersFeature FilmsMusic VideosHow to Videos Crowd funding Videos Trailers Promotional Videos Product videosMuch, MUCH more...Read More »"|"United States"|"Video Editing;Video Production;Video Publishing;Videography;Final Cut Pro;Screenwriting;Camtasia;How-to;YouTube Development;Video Upload;film;Content Management"
""|"Edward is an award winning filmmaker. He has directed feature films that have played the world over. Edward has shot video campaigns for high profile clients such as Matt Damon, Water.org, Deadline, The Collective and Google. He and his team can handle projects large and small from howto videos, short films, commercials, demo reels and music videos to feature films and everything in between.Notable Companies/People Edward Has done Work ForGoogleYoutubeWater.orgMatt DamonAl Pacino VerizonUniversalParamountWarner Brothers... Video Production from A to Z. We write, shoot and edit.(Now offering 4k Resolution video)Web videosBook TrailersFeature FilmsMusic VideosHow to Videos Crowd funding Videos Trailers Promotional Videos Product videosMuch, MUCH more...Read More »"|"United States"|"Video Editing;Video Production;Video Publishing;Videography;Final Cut Pro;Screenwriting;Camtasia;How-to;YouTube Development;Video Upload;film;Content Management"
"50"|"My professional writing experience includes screenplays, stage plays, webseries/episode scripts, script coverage, literary fiction in numerous genres and scripts for marketing videos, explainer videos, informational videos and fundraising (Kickstarter, etc.) videos.  I am able to write creatively in many different formats, be it film scripts (short or long, commercial or artistic), dialoguebased content (i.e. radio or stage), prose, or any type of creative content. I specialize in humor for any age group or demographic. I have extensive comedy writing experience. Along withand maybe because ofmy comedic background, I am able to write and create content in an economical and direct manner, while still being able to engage the audience. This ability lends itself to a great many methods of communication in the modern world, while also affording me an adaptability to work within different scopes and mediums of creative writing. I can provide high quality work in any genre, any format.Read More »"|"United States"|"Script Writing;Screenwriting;Comedy Writing;Playwriting;Script Coverage;Fiction Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Online Writing"
"10"|"I have a bachelor's degree in film production from the University of Alabama and a master of fine arts in poetry from the University of New Orleans. I have experience making films and filming live events. Also, I have written poems, books, screenplays, comic books, short stories, and nonfiction."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Apple iMovie;Digital Photography;Film Production;Photography;Video Editing;Ghostwriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Online Writing;Screenwriting"
"27"|"I am an Experienced Editor and Best Selling Author, Ghostwriter, Playwright and Screenwriter with over 13 years experience. I am an Editor. My goal is to analyse, improve, and polish content for writers/authors from initial draft to final revision, ensuring content maintains the author's voice while meeting quality and publication standards. I am presently employed to Chalfant Eckert Publishing as an Editor and Ghostwriter. I write books. There is at least one book in everyone. My goal is to get it out on paper, and my publisher is more than willing to look at anything I write. I also help new Authors write and publish their books. I will be releasing a new book soon on How to Become  A Published Author. I write movies. It is my desire to help change the face of entertainment with more inspiring and family oriented movies. I have written over 12 feature screenplays; one already produced and two in postproduction in the US and Australia. I even had the privilege of having one of my scripts read by Bishop TD Jakes. I write plays. I have written over 100 full length stage plays, with over 1800 copies sold worldwide. I am a full time writer at the Heart of a Christian Playwright Ministries online.Read More »"|"Jamaica"|"Creative Writing;English;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Screenwriting;Script Writing;Writing;Book Writing;Article Writing;Ghostwriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Online Writing;Proofreading"
"16"|"\"Absolutely top notch!\" \"A creative and insightful writer, as well as an exemplary professional.\" \"We cannot recommend her enough.\" \"A pleasure to work with.\" \"Excellent work.\" \"Great to work with.\"I have been writing for almost as long as I've been reading, and my first bit of success came at age ten when I won my horse, Joey, in a 4H essay contest.  Since then, I've written everything from nonfiction and informative articles, to screenplays, novels, and speeches.  I recently graduated with a double major in English and Politics from an..."|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blog Writing;Copy Editing;Academic Writing;Research;Screenwriting;Editing;Horse Racing;Experienced Equestrian;Movies"
"38"|"Need a killer video script? That's my specialty. A professional writeup of your sales copy? No problem. I'm a produced Hollywood screenwriter offering a creative spark mixed with corporate experience, business knowhow with a daydreamer's imagination. I have a sharp mind for marketing but don't trade in stale slogans or boring adspeak. My work has an energy and pulse without going over the edge. Hire me for clear compelling writing that gets results.  Every client has different needs and with me you'll get the highest return for your investment. I take time right at the beginning to learn about you, your business and your hopes for the project. From there, we'll develop a strategy that maximizes time and effort.It's a resultsoriented approach  a proven formula that works. I have the creative ability and the business experience to make sure the project is a success. When you win, I win. It's that simple.  Here's a corporate animated video I recently wrote for an Elance client:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKWUBS2SgsgHere's my IMDb page:http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0263586/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1Samples and references are available upon request. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;WordPress;Online Writing;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Microsoft Word;English Grammar;Screenwriting"
""|"Need a killer video script? That's my specialty. A professional writeup of your sales copy? No problem. I'm a produced Hollywood screenwriter offering a creative spark mixed with corporate experience, business knowhow with a daydreamer's imagination. I have a sharp mind for marketing but don't trade in stale slogans or boring adspeak. My work has an energy and pulse without going over the edge. Hire me for clear compelling writing that gets results.  Every client has different needs and with me you'll get the highest return for your investment. I take time right at the beginning to learn about you, your business and your hopes for the project. From there, we'll develop a strategy that maximizes time and effort.It's a resultsoriented approach  a proven formula that works. I have the creative ability and the business experience to make sure the project is a success. When you win, I win. It's that simple.  Here's a corporate animated video I recently wrote for an Elance client:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKWUBS2SgsgHere's my IMDb page:http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0263586/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1Samples and references are available upon request. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;WordPress;Online Writing;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Microsoft Word;English Grammar;Screenwriting"
"16"|"I am excellent at multiple disciplines.  I can serve brilliantly as a writer of fiction (film and TV scripts, novels and short stories), blogs, and articles.  I've had articles published in magazines related to comics and served a screenwriting internship at the TV series Star Trek Voyager.  I maintain a blog about comics and have another blog about popular culture including comics, film, and television.  I can work in Microsoft Office Suite including Word and PowerPoint.  My English is superb; my vocabulary, spelling, and punctuation..."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Fiction Writing;Researcher;Editing;Blogging;Writing;Script Writing;Screenwriting;Virtual Assistant;Microsoft Word"
"20"|"I am a dynamic content strategist and social media growth hacker with a B.A. in English/Humanities and several years' experience creating, curating, and monitoring digital material across the web.I consistently deliver leadgenerating copy that is just the right blend of concise and compelling. Whether it's editing a report, crafting a Wordpress blog post, or creating a social media marketing campaign, I can help you polish a distinctive online presence.  My passion for wordsmithing earned me a Creative Writing B.A. from Florida State University, where I also majored in Humanities, with concentrations in Film and Philosophy.  Storytelling is my forte, I have a passion for concocting wellrounded brand experiences My main body of work consists of Social Media marketing strategy, copywriting, and articles ranging from film reviews to travel writing. I am a frequent blogger as well. I am a fluent SpanishspeakerRead More »"|"United States"|"English;Marketing;Business Writing;Creative Writing;Copywriting;Journalism Writing;Editing;Copy Editing;Content Strategy;Blogging"
"55"|"Hello Fellow Elancers,My name's Pete and I've been film editing and writing for the past 7 years based in Newcastle, Australia.  I have edited many corporate videos with clients such as Paramount Pictures Home Entertainment and Vodafone Australia.  I also shoot and edit my own short films whilst assisting with other filmmakers projects.You can view many samples of my work at: vimeo.com/peteyrfMy strengths include working fast and smart whilst delivering a professional attitude and product at all times.  This professionalism works hand..."|"Australia"|"Final Cut Pro;Creative Writing;Video Editing;Adobe Photoshop;Adobe After Effects;Adobe Premiere;Script Writing;Video Production;Video Publishing;Motion"
""|"Hello Fellow Elancers,My name's Pete and I've been film editing and writing for the past 7 years based in Newcastle, Australia.  I have edited many corporate videos with clients such as Paramount Pictures Home Entertainment and Vodafone Australia.  I also shoot and edit my own short films whilst assisting with other filmmakers projects.You can view many samples of my work at: vimeo.com/peteyrfMy strengths include working fast and smart whilst delivering a professional attitude and product at all times.  This professionalism works hand..."|"Australia"|"Final Cut Pro;Creative Writing;Video Editing;Adobe Photoshop;Adobe After Effects;Adobe Premiere;Script Writing;Video Production;Video Publishing;Motion"
"40"|"First impressions last a lifetime. What impression do you make on people who stumble your way? As a seniorlevel copywriter, I offer a complete solution to help you connect to your audience. TESTIMONIALS“As in every job to date, RC demonstrated a terrific combination of creativity, diligence and responsiveness while adhering to budget. Will definitely work with him again and again.”“As always, RC has delivered high quality content with a fast turnaround. Highly recommended!”“Probably the best content writer we have ever come across on... My expertise in a variety of content development areas speaks directly to the 21st century consumer. No longer are we just committed toward one medium (radio, TV, newspapers). The 21st century consumer scours the internet for anything and everything that catches his eye and answers the question \"What's in it for me?\"I offer any and all of my services, separately and as combinations (for example, many clients request a logo design and written tagline, or web content and layout design). I have included an extensive portfolio here, yet my personal portfolio is sure to have the most uptodate information. I can send you this portfolio upon request. Please also note that I have more samples to offer, if you're looking for something more specific toward your project needs.  SERVICE DESCRIPTION  WRITING SERVICESWEB PAGES | BLOGS | SCREENPLAYS (For promotional videos, commercials, YouTube spots, testimonials, and more) | SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT | CROWDFUNDING CAMPAIGNS | SERPS | NEWSLETTERS | PRESS RELEASES | TAGLINES | EMAIL CAMPAIGNS | ADS & MARKETING MATERIALSWEB DESIGN:I create customized websites  typically on WordPress using the Genesis Framework   that are functionally flawless and visually striking. Websites are created exactly to the client's specifications. My background in writing and graphic design allows me to create an entire site for you if you wish, or integrate your existing content. If you prefer the \"premade template approach,\" not a...Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;WordPress;Article Writing;Copywriting;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Online Writing;Web Design;Screenwriting;Press Release Writing;Script Writing;Grant Writing;Graphic Design;Logo Design;English;Social Media Marketing"
"33"|"I am an enthusiastic and creative, research savvy writing professional.I have written scripts for advertising, drama and promotion for live theatre, television and radio. Experienced includes web copy,existing and new, blogging, creative writing, articles, and many other forms of customer focused, targeted commercial copy.  You can expect prompt and friendly communications, swift turnaround times, and a fierce dedication to originality and quality. My technique is flexible and always tailored to client requirements.ComposerOriginal..."|"Australia"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Press Release Writing;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Content Management;Musical composition;Article Writing;Blog Writing"
"75"|"As a bestselling author with ten years of experience, I've done it all: Scriptwriting for MTV, screenwriting at Universal Studios, critical and humorous reviews, social media management, editing books, copywriting, a variety of syndicated columns, and more. I can beef up your product or create a script that will glorify its features. I've performed as a storyteller all over the country and taken first place with The Moth storytelling in NYC. I was recently awarded \"Funniest Tweet of The Week\" by Huffington Post  And I can generate the same... After working as a screenwriter for major studios and MTV, I've written copy and press releases for everything from beauty products to the most popular DJs in NYC, generating a buzz so loud it'll mute your competition. My humorous collection of essays, Mouseschawitz, was an Amazon bestseller. SXSW Magazine recently contracted me to write last season's newbie article to rile up attendance, not to mention my red carpet experience interviewing celebrities from Dustin Hoffman to Kevin Bacon. Don't settle for a buzz when you can create an avalanche!My partner, Josh Hanagarne (author of The World's Strongest Librarian), and I offer a ghostwriting/editing service that produces the best possible books, scripts, novel outlines, book proposals, or even short stories for you to call your own.Please note: Phone consultations or Skype calls are scheduled by appointment only and only after the job is awarded to me. Read More »"|"United States"|"Bestselling Author;Script Writing;Ghostwriting;Comedic;Content Writing;Social Media Marketing;Web Content;Editing;Blog Writing;Screenwriting"
"22"|"Bring your vision alive in words through cogent writing and original creative content. My writing, editing, coaching and public speaking skills help you make your goals become a reality. I am your gotoElancer! My diversified portfolio includes blog and article writing, copywriting, content writing, product descriptions, curriculum writing and alignment, dissertation editing, speech writing and slidedeck creation. I am a certified professional coach and master practitioner who knows how to create positive energy and move forward with tasks. In addition, I have a BA degree in English/drama, graduate level grammar and literature courses, and an M. Ed. in educational administration.Highly responsive to the needs of my clients, I treat their projects as my own passion. Clients find me attentive in contact through the Elance Workroom, email and Skype as I take their projects across milestones to satisfactory completion.My personal writing credits include publication in The Mesquite Review, Reader's Digest, and Writer's League of Texas Scribe magazine. In addition to ghostwriting web copy for others, I also have written a real estate course, charter school petition, presentations/speeches and various curricula for educational organizations.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copywriting;Speech Writing;Script Writing;Curriculum Development;Fiction and Non-Fiction Writing;Creative Writing;Coaching;Motivational and Public Speaking;English"
"16"|"I am a published writer specializing in sales copy, technical guides, business  reports and SEOfriendly blog posts. Fast turnaround times, with rush services available.  I am fluent in multiple sectors: sales, technical, business (commercial), and entertainment. Working with material supplied by clients or researched via credible sources, I can create the following:* Blog posts* Website copy* Brochure copy* Flyer copy* Company and entrepreneur profiles* Product manuals* Newsletters* GuidebooksI can also assist clients with transforming their written content into copy that will appeal to their intended audience. If someone wants to publish on Amazon, I will help them format their manuscript to comply with CreateSpace guidelines.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Online Writing;Report Writing;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Software Documentation;Content Management;eBooks;Content Writing"
"55"|"As a screenwriter for seven years, I developed my unique writing style before lending my talents to writing copy for internet marketing since 2012. I have an unconventional background for a writer but this has proven to be a blessing as I can easily adapt my skills to whatever project I'm working on, whether it's a video sales letter for a health supplement or a featurelength documentary about the corporate world.When you hire me, you will receive outstanding results with an edge in the voice not found in other copywriters who came into... ECommerce CopyEMail CyclesVideo Sales LettersGhostwritingScript WritingMusic and LyricsEditingProofreadingRead More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;English;Academic Writing;Script Writing;Internet Marketing;Content Writing;Copywriting"
"38"|"Graphic Designer specialised in Motion Graphics, Video Editing and Production, 3D modelling, animation and 3D visualisation.BA in Graphic DesignSpecialties: 3D Modeling and Visualization, Motion Graphics, Animation, Video Editing and Production, Art Direction, Branding, POP, Graphic Design, Photography. For more than 10 years I've been working with digital media to create dynamic content for all my clients. I strive to produce the best quality content, and I deliver full spectrum solutions.Proficient in 3D modeling and rendering, my preferred visual tool,I provide world class service for my clients, using the latest technology from Adobe, The Foundry and Apple.Production wise, I have a reliable team of local professionals in order to provide extended services, like live video production, voice over talent, and music composition.Read More »"|"Mexico"|"Motion Graphics;3d Animation;Video Editing;Architectural Visualisation;Final Cut Pro X;Final Cut Pro;3D Modeling;Art Direction;Advertising;3D Rendering"
""|"Graphic Designer specialised in Motion Graphics, Video Editing and Production, 3D modelling, animation and 3D visualisation.BA in Graphic DesignSpecialties: 3D Modeling and Visualization, Motion Graphics, Animation, Video Editing and Production, Art Direction, Branding, POP, Graphic Design, Photography. For more than 10 years I've been working with digital media to create dynamic content for all my clients. I strive to produce the best quality content, and I deliver full spectrum solutions.Proficient in 3D modeling and rendering, my preferred visual tool,I provide world class service for my clients, using the latest technology from Adobe, The Foundry and Apple.Production wise, I have a reliable team of local professionals in order to provide extended services, like live video production, voice over talent, and music composition.Read More »"|"Mexico"|"Motion Graphics;3d Animation;Video Editing;Architectural Visualisation;Final Cut Pro X;Final Cut Pro;3D Modeling;Art Direction;Advertising;3D Rendering"
"45"|"Specializing in 2d character animation and motion graphics. Through my experience in Advertising and Journalism I deliver crafted messages that will get audiences genuinely excited about your business, product or idea  mainly because I'm excited about your business, product or idea as well! I work closely with clients to fully understand their vision and execute it to perfection.A creative challenge is my best friend. I enjoy finding solutions to tough problems and creating innovative ways to wow an audience. My goal is to create dynamic... I provide full service 2d animation and stop motion videos. I combine handdrawn graphics with a healthy dose of humour and creative flair. We will work together to craft the perfect script and message for your video. Once the script is finalized we will send it to a VoiceOver artist of your choosing for narration. We then decide on an animation style, hopefully you can point out something from my portfolio that catches your eye! After the first draft delivery, you will be given the opportunity to review and offer suggestions.Each animation is designed from scratch to meet client specifications. I create all of the images and tailor the style to your brand identity.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Adobe Photoshop;Illustration;Animation;stop-motion;Script Writing;Advertising;Cartooning;Drawing;Holiday greeting"
""|"Specializing in 2d character animation and motion graphics. Through my experience in Advertising and Journalism I deliver crafted messages that will get audiences genuinely excited about your business, product or idea  mainly because I'm excited about your business, product or idea as well! I work closely with clients to fully understand their vision and execute it to perfection.A creative challenge is my best friend. I enjoy finding solutions to tough problems and creating innovative ways to wow an audience. My goal is to create dynamic... I provide full service 2d animation and stop motion videos. I combine handdrawn graphics with a healthy dose of humour and creative flair. We will work together to craft the perfect script and message for your video. Once the script is finalized we will send it to a VoiceOver artist of your choosing for narration. We then decide on an animation style, hopefully you can point out something from my portfolio that catches your eye! After the first draft delivery, you will be given the opportunity to review and offer suggestions.Each animation is designed from scratch to meet client specifications. I create all of the images and tailor the style to your brand identity.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Adobe Photoshop;Illustration;Animation;stop-motion;Script Writing;Advertising;Cartooning;Drawing;Holiday greeting"
"50"|"My professional writing experience includes screenplays, stage plays, webseries/episode scripts, script coverage, literary fiction in numerous genres and scripts for marketing videos, explainer videos, informational videos and fundraising (Kickstarter, etc.) videos.  I am able to write creatively in many different formats, be it film scripts (short or long, commercial or artistic), dialoguebased content (i.e. radio or stage), prose, or any type of creative content. I specialize in humor for any age group or demographic. I have extensive comedy writing experience. Along withand maybe because ofmy comedic background, I am able to write and create content in an economical and direct manner, while still being able to engage the audience. This ability lends itself to a great many methods of communication in the modern world, while also affording me an adaptability to work within different scopes and mediums of creative writing. I can provide high quality work in any genre, any format.Read More »"|"United States"|"Script Writing;Screenwriting;Comedy Writing;Playwriting;Script Coverage;Fiction Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Online Writing"
"27"|"\"Fantastic job. Angela is an extremely talented writer and very dependable. Highly recommended!\" If you want a professional SEO copywriter so you can give feedback like this, then look no further. I specialise in writing, editing and optimising web content to increase your search engine ranking.With over 12 years combined experience as a web content writer and digital marketing strategist, I'm looking to work with clients seeking high quality copy.If you hire me you'll get exactly what professionals deliver  reader friendly content that... Services I provide include:* Travel writing* Article writing* SEO for web content* Web copywriting* Website rewriting* Website editing* SEO for blog postsRead More »"|"New Zealand"|"Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Writing;Travel Writing;Article Writing;English Spelling;Italian;Online Writing;English Proofreading;Journalism Writing;Script Writing"
"50"|"With 9+ years experience in copywriting, sales, marketing, branding, web journalism, and much more, I get the results you want through copy that compels your audience into action! I provide compelling content that gives you a standout image and delivers powerful results. Need copy written or revised for your website, brochures, emails, social network, or any other media platform? Look no further. I develop both print and digital content for an array of national and international clients, ensuring their vision and voice comes through as clearly as possible.Read More »"|"United States"|"English Spelling;Creative Writing;English;Content Writing;Internet Marketing;Online Writing;Business Writing;Sales;Script Writing;Sales Writing;Brand Consulting;Marketing;Direct Marketing;Fiction Writing;Article Writing"
"10"|"I’m a producer of high quality videos for business, cartoons and games. Moreover, I have over 8 years experience in sales and marketing. For the past decade I’ve been running multiple webmarketing campaigns as well as creating magnetic and appealing videos for use in worldwide sales and promotion, crowdfunding appeals, product explainers and much more.I employ a range of techniques, including live action, cartoon, motion graphics and advanced postproduction, choosing the best medium for my clients, to ensure the best possible results.... Multimedia Production Services:Video Production, Video Sales Letters, Motion Graphics Production, Storyboarding, Scriptwriting, American/British Voiceovers, Videos Overview, Demo Videos, Sales Videos, Promotional videos, Video Software Presentations, App presentation, Viral Videos, Intros / LeadIns, Animation, Audio Recording & Editing, Sound fx Production.Read More »"|"Ukraine"|"Video Production;2D Animation;Adobe After Effects;Motion Graphics;Video Sales Letter;Adobe Flash;Animation;Script Writing;Storyboarding;Google Analytics"
""|"I’m a producer of high quality videos for business, cartoons and games. Moreover, I have over 8 years experience in sales and marketing. For the past decade I’ve been running multiple webmarketing campaigns as well as creating magnetic and appealing videos for use in worldwide sales and promotion, crowdfunding appeals, product explainers and much more.I employ a range of techniques, including live action, cartoon, motion graphics and advanced postproduction, choosing the best medium for my clients, to ensure the best possible results.... Multimedia Production Services:Video Production, Video Sales Letters, Motion Graphics Production, Storyboarding, Scriptwriting, American/British Voiceovers, Videos Overview, Demo Videos, Sales Videos, Promotional videos, Video Software Presentations, App presentation, Viral Videos, Intros / LeadIns, Animation, Audio Recording & Editing, Sound fx Production.Read More »"|"Ukraine"|"Video Production;2D Animation;Adobe After Effects;Motion Graphics;Video Sales Letter;Adobe Flash;Animation;Script Writing;Storyboarding;Google Analytics"
"27"|"I am an Experienced Editor and Best Selling Author, Ghostwriter, Playwright and Screenwriter with over 13 years experience. I am an Editor. My goal is to analyse, improve, and polish content for writers/authors from initial draft to final revision, ensuring content maintains the author's voice while meeting quality and publication standards. I am presently employed to Chalfant Eckert Publishing as an Editor and Ghostwriter. I write books. There is at least one book in everyone. My goal is to get it out on paper, and my publisher is more than willing to look at anything I write. I also help new Authors write and publish their books. I will be releasing a new book soon on How to Become  A Published Author. I write movies. It is my desire to help change the face of entertainment with more inspiring and family oriented movies. I have written over 12 feature screenplays; one already produced and two in postproduction in the US and Australia. I even had the privilege of having one of my scripts read by Bishop TD Jakes. I write plays. I have written over 100 full length stage plays, with over 1800 copies sold worldwide. I am a full time writer at the Heart of a Christian Playwright Ministries online.Read More »"|"Jamaica"|"Creative Writing;English;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Screenwriting;Script Writing;Writing;Book Writing;Article Writing;Ghostwriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Online Writing;Proofreading"
"27"|"An accomplished freelancer, I wear many creative hats, including creative writer, author and screenwriter. I hold an Associate of Arts Degree, BA Honors Degree and completed a creative writing course with the London School of Journalism. I am also a member of the International HIgh IQ Society.My writing career began at seven and evolved into a considerable repertoire of short stories, novellas, novels and short and feature screenplays earning 130 competition awards and placings. I write for adult and young adult markets, as well as edit,... Creative fiction and nonfiction writer, author, novelist, storyteller, screenwriter, editor, proofreader, ghostwriter, collaborator and producer. Imaginative muse of words adaptable to a diversity of projects.  Fluent in US, UK and Canadian English.Cowrote script for following film:http://www.nrl.navy.mil/media/videos/nrlextendedvideo (collaborative NRL screenwriting project)Read More »"|"Canada"|"Creative Writing;Writing;Fiction Writing;English;Ghostwriting;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Novel writing;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Content Writing;Script Writing;Editing;Author collaboration;Non-Fiction Writing"
"27"|"I offer you the scintillating opportunity to have your writing needs met quickly and effectively. I am a fulltime writer with a knack for engaging and informative words that are sure to please your readership.I have a Bachelor's degree in biochemistry from the University of Washington, where I also studied creative writing and drama. My work ethic is unrivaled and the quality of my work reflects that fact. Allow me to show you the power of my native tongue. My specialties is in writing scripts and copy for businesses. I also write articles, web content, SEO content, research paper.In addition, I am an adept creative writer with a passion for short stories and films.In the past, I have written effectively and recently on a wide variety of topics. Popular topics include science, politics, medicine, food, wine, beer, fitness and sports. I take pride in my craft and seek complete satisfaction from my clients. Whatever your writing need, I can deliver.Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Creative Writing;English;Academic Writing;Journalism Writing;Copywriting;Technical Writing;Proofreading;English Spelling;Script Writing"
"16"|"I am excellent at multiple disciplines.  I can serve brilliantly as a writer of fiction (film and TV scripts, novels and short stories), blogs, and articles.  I've had articles published in magazines related to comics and served a screenwriting internship at the TV series Star Trek Voyager.  I maintain a blog about comics and have another blog about popular culture including comics, film, and television.  I can work in Microsoft Office Suite including Word and PowerPoint.  My English is superb; my vocabulary, spelling, and punctuation..."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Fiction Writing;Researcher;Editing;Blogging;Writing;Script Writing;Screenwriting;Virtual Assistant;Microsoft Word"
"46"|"Testing out in the top 1% for Article Writing/Blogging and the top 5% for Academic Writing shows my versatility. I'm a nativeborn US citizen based in New England. My Elance projects have ranged from creative fiction writing for children, product reviews and descriptions, and articles on a host of topics including personal development, leadership theory and practice, conducting research, art and artists, exhibits and theme parks, travel, politics, environmental and sustainability issues, and much more. With four years of doctoral studies... Writing of all types, but especially website/blog content articles, academic writing, ebooks, speeches and more. I have highly developed Internet research skills that allow me to write knowledgeably on just about any topic (see my portfolio for samples). My editing services will take your alreadywritten material and polish it to a high shine.Read More »"|"United States"|"Online Writing;Academic Writing;English;Speech Writing;Creative Writing;Report Writing;Blogging;Resume Writing;Editing;English Spelling;Advertising;English Punctuation;Grant Writing;English Grammar;Travel Writing"
"33"|"My primary goal in writing is client satisfaction:  \"Richard provided quality articles that were exceptional and insightful. He hit our niche on target and is a pleasure to work with. Great attitude...highly recommended! One of the best writers on Elance by far...\"If you need high quality writing that is wellresearched and delivered on time, please consider that I may be your best choice for a variety of projects, including articles, blogs, and web content writing,   All of my writing is 100% original and designed to capture reader... Writing original articles for legal and attorney websites on any topic of law.Blogs and articles on investment, banking and finance.Speech writing and coaching.Articles and training guides for management training and team building.Nonprofit fundraising strategies, development models, prospect letters and coaching.Articles on consulting practice methods, healthcare, Obamacare, medical tourism and international medical facilities. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Legal Writing;Content Writing;Business Writing;Finance and Investment Writing;English Grammar;Proposal Writing;Speech Writing;Travel Writing;Writing"
"49"|"As an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, I seek to bridge the gap between the academic literature and the training classroom, applying adult learning theories and virtual training techniques to increase skills and knowledge acquisition, training transfer, and job performance in a wide variety of industries. I am seeking consulting projects will allow me to apply my extensive virtual classroom experience and knowledge of virtual training theory to build training programs that will entertain, inform, and drive employee success. My academic research focuses on the analysis of stress in the workplace, and how various types of stressors affect both the physical and mental health of workers. By identifying these important precursors to employee burnout and turnover, changes can be made to the work environment that will encourage the retention of skilled and experienced workers.In addition to my business qualifications, I am a prolific writer of scientific articles, poetry, and fiction. I am open to freelance writing contracts for anything from your basic business plan and initial policy handbooks and contracts, to popular articles or fiction.Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Business Writing;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Editing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Online Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Speech Writing"
"22"|"Bring your vision alive in words through cogent writing and original creative content. My writing, editing, coaching and public speaking skills help you make your goals become a reality. I am your gotoElancer! My diversified portfolio includes blog and article writing, copywriting, content writing, product descriptions, curriculum writing and alignment, dissertation editing, speech writing and slidedeck creation. I am a certified professional coach and master practitioner who knows how to create positive energy and move forward with tasks. In addition, I have a BA degree in English/drama, graduate level grammar and literature courses, and an M. Ed. in educational administration.Highly responsive to the needs of my clients, I treat their projects as my own passion. Clients find me attentive in contact through the Elance Workroom, email and Skype as I take their projects across milestones to satisfactory completion.My personal writing credits include publication in The Mesquite Review, Reader's Digest, and Writer's League of Texas Scribe magazine. In addition to ghostwriting web copy for others, I also have written a real estate course, charter school petition, presentations/speeches and various curricula for educational organizations.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copywriting;Speech Writing;Script Writing;Curriculum Development;Fiction and Non-Fiction Writing;Creative Writing;Coaching;Motivational and Public Speaking;English"
"44"|"Experienced writer with BBC Radio 4 Comedy credits. Copywriter for major international brands. Creative linguist. Amateur lion tamer. Top 0.1% Elance Rank.My clients include broadcasters, entertainers, newspapers, video game producers and corporate brands. Here are a few examples of the outstanding client feedback I've received;\"This guy is a writing & comedy genius. I am not exaggerating when I say genius. He has special talent.\"  Strange Mysteries\"Ash has done an outstanding job for us. I've been impressed by how quickly he was able... I have worked as a professional writer for ten years within the copy writing and comedy writing sectors. However, I have additional experience as a nonleague football reporter, a media technician for Manchester United TV, researcher for BBC Manchester, and as a Brand Manager for Campus Group PR representing Jack Daniels and Cadburys.I am not merely someone who has worked behind a desk cranking out words my entire life, I am an experienced media professional who has worked in a variety of roles and gained some unique insights on the way. It is this experience, combined with my creativity, which makes me one of the most successful writers on Elance. So what can I do for you?Sketch / Joke Writing  I have written for Radio 4 shows and live entertainers in a variety of genres including topical, surreal and broad family friendly styles.  If your routine needs some zip and freshness, or if you just want a handful of one liners, I can help. See my portfolio for examples.Copy with character  Many brands are realising the folly of ladling SEO keywords into their bland, stodgy copy and wondering why nobody wants to read it. I offer a new way of enticing customers and boosting sales; the character copy. Your brand is unique, so you need a unique voice behind everything you do. Whether it is a simple tweet or your entire advertising campaign. SEO is kept to a minimum, and engagement is ramped up to maximum. I am working with some major international brands on copy of this...Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Comedy Writing;English;Creative Writing;English Spelling;English Grammar;Article Writing;Catch Phrases;One Line Jokes;Script Editing;Journalism Writing;English Proofreading;Radio & Television Writing;Speech Writing;Entertainment Reviewing;Copywriting"
"59"|"... and buy your product. Champion your cause. Fall in love with your big idea.Here is what some of my happy Elance customers say: “Frank was amazing to work with!\"“Very happy to recommend to others.”“Beautiful prose and content. He helped me focus 1000s of ideas into one which was no small feat! Thanks, Frank!”YOU have something to say. And you are looking for someone to tell your story. You want to:1.get people´s attention2.make them understand3.change their mind and behavior.During 20+ years in international business... I storysell your product or idea. Actually, I´m a speechwriter. Ahh, I so love the sound of a great speech in the morning (any time of the day, in fact). And I relish writing them  something I have become pretty good at over the years.My secret  well, it is not really a secret, but most people have either forgotten about it or simply do not know how to do it  is that I tell a mean story. Beginning, middle, end. Propelling events forward. Overcoming obstacles. Solving conflicts  until the dragon is slain, and the hero (= your audience!) returns home safely. And wiser.As it turns out, that kind of writing is a valuable skill far beyond speeches. STORYTELLING is about life itself. About the continuous struggle to triumph over adversity. Finding allies, defeating foes, and always coming home.STORYSELLING is about making your customers, employees, or donors see what you see. To connect with them on an emotional level and win them over.I have helped oneperson startups and corporations to reach that goal.My focus is on: •scripts for the spoken word: speeches, presentations, or videos;•white papers and articles;•internal communications, and •employee training and development materials.I have also successfully produced other content that benefits from a great story, well told. When you outsource work to me, you will find that I am trustworthy, always on time and consistent in the quality I provide.So, get in touch if you are planning to:•...Read More »"|"Germany"|"German;Speech Writing;Human Resource Management;English;English Spelling;Public Speaking"
""|"... and buy your product. Champion your cause. Fall in love with your big idea.Here is what some of my happy Elance customers say: “Frank was amazing to work with!\"“Very happy to recommend to others.”“Beautiful prose and content. He helped me focus 1000s of ideas into one which was no small feat! Thanks, Frank!”YOU have something to say. And you are looking for someone to tell your story. You want to:1.get people´s attention2.make them understand3.change their mind and behavior.During 20+ years in international business... I storysell your product or idea. Actually, I´m a speechwriter. Ahh, I so love the sound of a great speech in the morning (any time of the day, in fact). And I relish writing them  something I have become pretty good at over the years.My secret  well, it is not really a secret, but most people have either forgotten about it or simply do not know how to do it  is that I tell a mean story. Beginning, middle, end. Propelling events forward. Overcoming obstacles. Solving conflicts  until the dragon is slain, and the hero (= your audience!) returns home safely. And wiser.As it turns out, that kind of writing is a valuable skill far beyond speeches. STORYTELLING is about life itself. About the continuous struggle to triumph over adversity. Finding allies, defeating foes, and always coming home.STORYSELLING is about making your customers, employees, or donors see what you see. To connect with them on an emotional level and win them over.I have helped oneperson startups and corporations to reach that goal.My focus is on: •scripts for the spoken word: speeches, presentations, or videos;•white papers and articles;•internal communications, and •employee training and development materials.I have also successfully produced other content that benefits from a great story, well told. When you outsource work to me, you will find that I am trustworthy, always on time and consistent in the quality I provide.So, get in touch if you are planning to:•...Read More »"|"Germany"|"German;Speech Writing;Human Resource Management;English;English Spelling;Public Speaking"
"24"|"Greetings, I'm Bryan and my professional background is unique in that I have have developed a skill set in professional communications, strategic planning, research, and management. On the communications side I have authored multiple forms of professional items; articles, reports, press releases, speeches I have experience in it all. With respect to planning, research, and management; I have managed small businesses for over 20 years, encompassing all aspects of business. In mixing the two main areas of communications and business... My premier service is in business planning and/or development, having authored numerous plans. I bring a specific philosophy when I tackle a project, I believe firmly that a plan should be more about your business goals and how to achieve those goals, than simply being a document to inform potential investors or lenders on your concept. A great business plan will be a document that you will constantly review and plan from as to where and in what time period your company will grow. For most new businesses the odds say that only 1 in 5 will succeed, I believe that an ample amount of strategic thinking and planning will assist in being another asset in company's favor to overcome those odds. Additionally, I bring these critical analysis and thought processes to various writing projects. To me a project is not just an ends to a means, I wrap myself up in my clients projects, I want to provide the best project for you so that whatever the written document I create for you is not only the best that I can write, it is the best that you can get on the market. I stand behind all my documents, if you need a change, reveision or whatever, even after acceptance of final document, contact me and I will be happy to revise it for you, at no cost even if it is year down the road. Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Planning;Business Analysis;Public Relations;English;Creative Writing;Speech Writing;Report Writing;Customer Service;Technical Writing;Advertising;Event Planning;Market Research;Accounting;Analytics;Business Mathematics"
"25"|"I deliver high quality content on time at an affordable price.  My work is done efficiently and effectively, and I meet clients' needs.   I have been freelance writing for years, and I have decided to begin using eLance to manage my working relationships.  I am by far the hardest person I know to work for, sometimes so much that I hate being my own boss and having to answer to myself.  I take accountability to the next level.  If you are looking for someone who is intrinsically motivated to succeed, selfdisciplined, and hard working, look... I am a skilled writer in any topic given.  I know SEO, and I am familiar with all styles of research, and I am very well versed in the English language.  While writing is my passion, so is educations.  In additioin to running a classroom of my own, serving on the PA Planning Commission for the PDE,  I have written for several online curriculum companies.  I have even composed work books aligned with  Common Core.While writing and education are my first passions, I am equally skilled in web design and development.  I have written for numerous websites that range from sports management systems to nonprofit fundraising event websites.  My most recent project was a small store.  I can build blogs in both Joomla and WordPress.  Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Business Writing;Technical Writing;Academic Writing;Resume Writing;Blogs;Speech Writing;Report Writing;Content Writing;Feature Writing;joomla;Curriculum Development;Copy Editing;Proofreading"
"44"|"With my varied background and experience, I offer my skills to enhance and enable your vision to become a reality. I was an English and public speaking teacher for 10 years. I then owned & operated a supplemental education brick & mortar business for 12 years. I have published two children's ebooks as well as a short biography about my father's experience in World War 2. I have recently been working on my voiceover skills, and I am currently creating demo reels. I have been recording the local newspaper for the visually impaired for several... I love to writecreative, narrative, factual, fun. I enjoy taking an idea and turning it in to a tangible, wellorganized, thoughtful, inspirational piece. I like to work with others designing & developing writing projects of all types. I am a great editor/reviser as well. I also utilize my teaching skills to work with others on public speaking, live panel discussions, webinars and other speaking forums. I've worked with adults in small groups as well as individuals, preparing them as needed for various public speaking engagements.  I am developing my voiceover skills to provide services from audiobook reading to character voices. I am in the process of building my home recording studio and will be able to create and send quality recordings.I believe that each assignment must be tailored to the person(s), the event, and the end product. I will work with you to understand your needs and individualize the job for you.Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Fiction Writing;Speech Writing;Letter Writing;Children's Writing;Article Writing;Editing;Voice Over;Biography Writing;Book Writing;Curriculum Development;Distance Education;Document review"
"18"|"I hold a Ph.D. in history, which has given me extensive experience in academic writing and research. My work has been published in peer reviewed academic journals and popular publications. Despite the focus of my studies being history, I am erudite, intelligent, and a quick learner and am able to write on a variety of topics if given a minimal amount of time for research.I have also taught college level history for eight years. In my teaching experience, I have written my own lectures using Microsoft PowerPoint and Microsoft Excel for... Services I offer  Academic Writing Article Writing Academic research (especially historical) Speech Writing Copyediting/proofreading (especially academic papers) Ghost writingRead More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Report Writing;Article Writing;Creative Writing;English;Copy Editing;Ghostwriting;Speech Writing;Public Speaking;Microsoft Word"
"71"|"With an MBA from Yale University School of Organization and Management, I specialize in developmental editing of business books and memoirs. I have also edited cookbooks, biographies, historical fiction, and other works of fiction and nonfiction. I also have a BA in Writing from Barnard College, a Certificate in Copyediting from UCSD, and am the author of a historical biography (http://amzn.to/AbitA) and a forthcoming book on selfpublishing.In addition to Developmental editing, I am also a Copyeditor and Proofreader;  Copywriter,... Coming from a business background, I write from a strategic point of view, focusing on what makes a product or service unique, and identifying what motivatex a prospective customer to take action, whether that is buying the product, signing up for the service, or investing money.When it comes to developmental and copyediting for other authors, I read and critique as both a reader and a writer, identifying where the pace slows down and how to speed it up; whether a character's personality in one part of the book is inconsistent with his actions in another part; as well as whether the story holds together or has gaps. I provide detailed critiques of fiction and nonfiction, and editing assistance  as much or as little as desired. I never want to \"take away\" the work from the writer by leading him/her in a different direction, but highlight where there are problems and,suggest solutions. I don't rewrite unless that is explicitly desired. Developmental editing guidance consists of several elements, including:1) Asking pointed questions.This can help an author define what it is s/he is trying to say, and realize what is unclear. \"This is what I think you're trying to accomplish, and here's what works or doesn't work.\"2) Comments on Structure: Have you created a structure that a reader can follow? If you are foreshadowing events  with actions or imagery  is that information embedded in such a way that it doesn't draw excess attention to itself.3) Pace: Do you lose...Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;English Grammar;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Sales Writing;Speech Writing"
""|"With an MBA from Yale University School of Organization and Management, I specialize in developmental editing of business books and memoirs. I have also edited cookbooks, biographies, historical fiction, and other works of fiction and nonfiction. I also have a BA in Writing from Barnard College, a Certificate in Copyediting from UCSD, and am the author of a historical biography (http://amzn.to/AbitA) and a forthcoming book on selfpublishing.In addition to Developmental editing, I am also a Copyeditor and Proofreader;  Copywriter,... Coming from a business background, I write from a strategic point of view, focusing on what makes a product or service unique, and identifying what motivatex a prospective customer to take action, whether that is buying the product, signing up for the service, or investing money.When it comes to developmental and copyediting for other authors, I read and critique as both a reader and a writer, identifying where the pace slows down and how to speed it up; whether a character's personality in one part of the book is inconsistent with his actions in another part; as well as whether the story holds together or has gaps. I provide detailed critiques of fiction and nonfiction, and editing assistance  as much or as little as desired. I never want to \"take away\" the work from the writer by leading him/her in a different direction, but highlight where there are problems and,suggest solutions. I don't rewrite unless that is explicitly desired. Developmental editing guidance consists of several elements, including:1) Asking pointed questions.This can help an author define what it is s/he is trying to say, and realize what is unclear. \"This is what I think you're trying to accomplish, and here's what works or doesn't work.\"2) Comments on Structure: Have you created a structure that a reader can follow? If you are foreshadowing events  with actions or imagery  is that information embedded in such a way that it doesn't draw excess attention to itself.3) Pace: Do you lose...Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Content Writing;Copywriting;English Grammar;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Sales Writing;Speech Writing"
"66"|"Whether you are just starting your business on the internet, or you already have a site, I can help you with all your web related needs. With over 18 years of experience, I can provide you with everything you need to succeed.Maybe you want to take your store online with ecommerce? I can help you with that! In fact, it I specialize in ecommerce. Being successful online takes the right tools and the right expertise. Think of your ecommerce site – your website – your online store as your representation of you to your customers. It’s important that it represents you in a professional way. So, being successful online takes more than throwing a quick website together. You need someone who know what they are doing and has the experience to guide you and be with you through every step. I can, and I will be with you not just from the beginning to the completion of your site, but we will be there afterwards as well to guide you and bring solutions to your needs.With over 18 years of experience in ecommerce web development, web design, and consulting for small and medium size businesses, I can help you become successful online.Because every customer is not the same, I work with many different platforms, and pride myself as experts. Be assured that I will recommend the best software and services to provide you with the best possible outcome at a reasonable price.For ecommerce, I work mostly with Magento and WooCommerce, but also osCommerce (including forks such as ZendCart and Cre Loaded), WPCommerce, and OpenCart. We also do PayPal and BrainTree integration.Development includes programming such php, html, ruby and java. Design is the layout of look of the your website.It is important for your site to look as good or better than your competitor’s site. Remember, your site is a direct...Read More »"|"United States"|"WordPress;Content Writing;Magento;MySQL Administration;CSS;PHP;Speech Writing;Business Writing;HTML5;PayPal Development;eCommerce Consulting;AJAX;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Web Design;Adobe Photoshop"
"100"|"When you spend so much time getting good at what you do, it can be difficult to talk and write about the positive impacts you've had throughout your career without alienating your target audience.Let me help you search through your incredible history to build your personal brand. I help ambitious professionals land their target jobs with my customized coaching and powerful resumes.TRACK RECORD>> My resumes have landed clients jobs at Google, the White House, Microsoft, and other highly selective organizations.>> Global executive... Click \" Job History\" to read hundreds of glowing recommendations.I started CareerTuners in 2010 to help my clients communicate their strengths in writing, when speaking, and online. Since then, I have helped thousands of professionals land their target jobs.MY PROCESS1. I analyze your needs and goals, and then help you create your personal theme. 2. I find weaknesses that need to be covered up and strengths that need to be brought to the forefront.3. I build holistic documents that paint a powerful picture of your strengths, accomplishments, and what you offer.4. I guide you to opportunities where you can demonstrate your skills and expertise and win offers to collaborate.5. I help you articulate your strengths in conversations. (Because every professional conversation is a miniinterview.)RESUMES“After sending in a resume that Fatemah helped craft for C level jobs, a hiring organization responded to my application within an hour!” – Farhan Mahmoud, founder of Enabling Technologies>>> You have about six seconds to make an impression. I’ll help you land that interview.COVER LETTERS“Her work on my cover letter helped me land a position that paid $10,000 higher than the one I had been laid off from.” – Raheel Ahmad>>> I’ll sell you as a partner looking to add value to a company that needs to meet its goals.PERSONAL STATEMENTS (Unlimited Revisions)“I was skeptical when she told me all she needed was a week when I had come up with naught after a month, and...Read More »"|"United States"|"English Grammar;English Proofreading;Speech Writing;Knowledge of Microsoft Office;General Office Skills;Email;Constant Contact;Computer Skills;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Outlook;Microsoft PowerPoint;Phone Support;Time Management;U.S. Culture;Call Center Skills"
"55"|"Professional Writer and Communication Consultant Providing highquality professional writing and communications.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;English Spelling;English;Report Writing;Online Writing;Content Writing;Business Writing;Speech Writing;Technical Writing"
"27"|"Library and Information science and administration background and training will work for you in many ways. Research for technical writing, advertising copy, curriculum development for elearning applications, blogging and complete website content management (Drupal, WordPress, Moodle, Joomla). Included in content creation is formatting for web or print. Working with online education providers K12 developing content for elearning applications. Recent work for Adobe Software Systems includes blog series development, training manuals and course creation for search marketing division.Technical writing in business, education, health care, social issues, law and medicine. Web pages and print materials are prepared for discerning clients interested in providing clear yet detailed content. Courses and modules for elearning in academic and corporate environments from concept to objective development and CMS posting. ISTE certification in distance education. Attention to detail is not sacrificed for timely delivery. I'll write your blog, stimulate your forum, add comments to existing web content that will drive discussion and bring visitors to your website. I can analyze and correct your website for grammar and clarity and proofread any materials we create for print media. II'll write compelling ad copy.  SEO included. No job too big or small. Read More »"|"United States"|"WordPress;Content Writing;Business Writing;Speech Writing;Publishing Fundamentals;Copywriting;Permission Management;Grant Writing and Management;Test question writer.;Moodle;Elearning course development"
"33"|"I am a dedicated writer and editor with ten years of experience writing for others. Recently, I have worked with national nonprofit Operation Homefront to get their biweekly newsletter up and running and I am looking forward to seeing what you have to offer.  I can effectively and efficiently write copy, essays, blog posts, biographies, short stories, media, marketing materials, fact sheets, identity guides, etc. I am willing to work with you and make sure that the product you have is the one that you want. Creative, outsidethebox thinker who works hard to ensure you are happy. Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Business Writing;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Resume Writing;Content Writing;Speech Writing;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Writing"
"25"|"Over 15 years experience in Corporate Marketing in both digital and print mediums. Academically educated professional with handson experience in customer service, sales and especially marketing initiatives for business. Expertise in social media content creation, website content development and digital marketing campaigns.  I look forward to providing excellence service in all of the following areas of expertise:Print & Digital Content CreationSales CopywritingAcademic WritingBusiness WritingBloggingSEO Content CreationResume & Cover Letter Analysis and WritingSocial Media Profile CreationSocial Media MonitoringSocial Media Newsfeed UpdatesArticle WritingRead More »"|"Canada"|"English Spelling;Content Writing;Social Media Marketing;English;Business Writing;Speech Writing;Online Writing;English Grammar;Academic Writing;Report Writing;English Punctuation;Microsoft Word;Computer Skills;Knowledge of Microsoft Office;WordPress"
"8"|"I hail from the beautiful Himalayan country, Nepal and am an avid football lover whose passion for 'the Beautiful game' is unbounded. I would one day, want to turn my passion into my profession and earn a living of off writing articles on football. As for experience, I have been working for www.winnersports.co.uk, www.futnsoccer.com, www.worldsoccertalk.com, www.evertonfansite.co.uk and www.afamoustreble.co.uk for the last few years and have had over 2000 articles published so far.I am willing to work only for the jobs which I will... I follow the English Premier League very closely and can write news, opinion pieces, match previews and reports on the English topflight. I do follow other major European leagues as well and will be able write articles on them, if given a specific topic.Read More »"|"Nepal"|"English;English Spelling;Online Writing;Sports Writing;Football Writing;Soccer Writing;Creative Writing;Content Writing;English Grammar"
"16"|"I am an Electronics and Communication Engineer studying MBA in Management Information System from Dhaka University now. I'm working as a freelancer from 2010. I have a strong background in English. I have successfully completed 36 projects on Elance. I am capable of various kind of writings. I am an WordPress expert too. I have already worked as a viral content creator and curator, ebook writing, academic proofreading, content writer and social media optimizer. I am always 100% dedicated with my projects.  I'm always learning something new...."|"Bangladesh"|"WordPress;Article Writing;Forum Posting;Sports Writing;Microsoft Word;Bengali;Blog Writing;Content Writing;Blogging;Microsoft Excel"
"11"|"I'm a translator who translates documents from English to French and French to English.  I have more than 15 years of experience in this field and I deliver my translation with the greatest of care. Je vous propose de traduire vos documents de l'aiglais au francais et vice versa si vous le desire.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Translation French English;Translation English French;Article Writing;Blog Writing;Blogging;Resume Writing;Sports Writing;Technical Writing;Translation;Writing"
"11"|"My objective is to find a  position where I can highlight my skills and experienceI am efficient and able to meet any task head on.  I enjoy working and using my skills effectively.I have just earned my Associates degree and I am working toward my Bachelors degree in Business Management and Economics."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Computer Skills;Research;Microsoft PowerPoint;Data Mining;Desktop Applications;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Editing;English;Sports Writing;Administrative Support;Data Entry"
"27"|"A reporter, editor, author and freelance writer for more than 25 years, I deliver clean, clear, compelling articles and marketing communications backed by meticulous research and an engaging, conversational style.My undergraduate degree in journalism and an MBA in marketing gives my white papers, marketing content, and web copy an air of authority that compels readers to action: hiring a company, booking a vacation, or making an online purchase. I create sales and marketing copy, white papers, and feature articles guaranteed to resonate with your audience.I have written extensively on travel, history, marketing and business development, sports and fitness, real estate, and construction, serving as a reporter and editor for the Las Vegas ReviewJournal, freelancing for national magazines, publishing trade journals, and working as public relations director in the private, nonprofit and public sectors.I specialize in feature articles and marketing collateral (brochures, email blasts, newsletters, web copy, etc.) targeted to your specific audience and tailored for traditional, interactive, and emerging media.I pride myself on comprehensive research, targetspecific presentation, and flawless delivery.Read More »"|"United States"|"Ghostwriting;Article Writing;Newsletter Content;Feature Writing;English Spelling;Academic Writing;Business Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Editing;Proposal Writing;Sales Letters;Sports Writing;Travel Writing"
"25"|"“Aleksandar has surpass expectation on every front. He is a very good blogger and article writter. He understand how a blog post is constructed and the critical elements needed in a blog post to be successful. The quality of the articles was maintain at a high level throughout the contract. He Always deliver a professional and quality work. He was always very fast to answer emails and delivered the articles needed very quickly each time. It is obvious that Aleksander works really hard. Thanks for this awesome work. ” Client ReviewCouldn't... One could say that I am a freelance specialist in blogging, article information research, creative writing, business writing, keyword article writing and possess knowledge in various SEO techniques. If you have a raw idea and you need someone to put sense into it, then I am the man for the job. The reason for this is that I can transform the idea and create an interesting and persuasive article that will send the desired message.All of this is mostly dependent from my attitude towards writing. Namely I understand the process of writing as a form of art and I am always willing to put my best in each piece. The years of experience come from my involvement in designing business plans for various projects, project plans for NGO grants, and most recently research and creation of articles related to the gambling industry.Reliability and meeting deadlines are two of the most important qualities that a content writer needs to have by many. I strongly believe that I am included in the small group of people that can offer these two personal characteristics to its employer in the full meaning of their nature.Skills that I'm proud to possess and offer to all my future employers: Article Writing   Extensive Research SEO Knowledge Ghostwriting Read More »"|"Macedonia"|"Content Writing;Internet Marketing;Article Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);WordPress;Blogging;Reviews;Online Writing;Gambling;Sports Writing"
"3"|"Updated (August 2014):Has already completed more than a dozen jobs about sports and sports betting here on Elance and is ready to provide high quality service to a client for a very reasonable rate. I can work with minimal supervision and always deliver on time.Original (written after creating an account here on Elance March 2014):I have been working in the SEO industry for several years now. I have experience working in this field in different capacities, both as a link builder and as a writer. I  know how to do some basic coding(html... I'm a freelance writer who has been writing about sports (football, tennis and basketball), sports betting and personal finance for several years now. I also worked in the SEO industry before and is knowledgeable about link building, site analysis, SEO content writing and onpage optimization. Aside from those skills, I'm also a blogger who knows how to use WP very well and have done some data mining work before. Read More »"|"Philippines"|"Creative Writing;Content Writing;Sports Writing;Blog Writing;Business Writing;Link Building;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);online marketing;English;sports betting tips and previews"
"15"|"An online entrepreneur offering skills in marketing, journalism, online personal training, nutrition and testimonial expertise. Publicity and public relations are a niche I take pride in and I have had many television, newspaper and radio productions in front and behind the camera.A known journalist for a published magazine with over 50,000 unique readers every month and have my own blog with 5000 subscribers.I ghost write for various people and have skill in online marketing of products.I am also a competitive fitness athlete and..."|"United Kingdom"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;journalist;Blogging;online personal trainer;testimonials;articles;Social Media Marketing;Advertising;Internet Marketing;Fashion Modeling;Sports Writing"
"13"|"I am a free lance journalist/writer as well as a graphic designer with twenty years of experience. I am of Dutch nationality, but lived in various countries around the world, like South Africa and Brazil. At present I am editing a small monthly magazine in the Netherlands. I write children's stories, as well as news features. I am very familiar with Adobe Indesign and Photoshop.I would like to see myself as a reliable and honest worker, generally easy to work with and not satisfied until you, the client, are satisfied."|"Netherlands"|"Creative Writing;Feature Writing;Children's Writing;Sports Writing;Article Writing;Online Writing;Adobe InDesign;Graphic Design;Translation English Dutch"
"11"|"My objective is to find a  position where I can highlight my skills and experienceI am efficient and able to meet any task head on.  I enjoy working and using my skills effectively.I have just earned my Associates degree and I am working toward my Bachelors degree in Business Management and Economics."|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Computer Skills;Research;Microsoft PowerPoint;Data Mining;Desktop Applications;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Editing;English;Sports Writing;Administrative Support;Data Entry"
"13"|"Quick learner, versatile skill set with experience in sales, consumer behavior, transcribing, writing and editing. Graduated University of Bucharest with Degree in Electronic Commerce.My objective is to fulfill the employer's requirements by completing the job within the deadline received. Creative writting Document revision with grammar checking Reviews with concrete and detailed informationContract reviewing, sorting and placement by categories ( Siemens Romania 1 month practice ) Good Data Entry skills (Word, Excel) Over 100 hours of transcribing doneArticle Writing, SEO WritingProduct reviews and product descriptionsRead More »"|"Romania"|"Article Writing;Creative Writing;English;Microsoft Word;Sports Writing;Translation;Data Entry;Typing;Microsoft Excel;Transcription"
"38"|"\"Kevin devoted a great time & effort to get the job exceptionally well done. I strongly recommend his service and I am working with him again.” Writing is one of my biggest passions in life. Fiction, nonfiction, articles, or novels, I love committing words to the written page. It's what drives me and is a skill I've spent my life sharpening. I have one published book of short stories, with my first full length novel due out in the coming months. I have also spent considerable time writing nonfiction, pop culture based articles, and am..."|"United States"|"Fiction Writing;Ghostwriting;Creative Writing;Sports Writing;U.S. Politics;U.S. History;Non-Fiction Writing;Content Writing;romance;paranormal romance"
"3"|"I am an Indian and I have finished my Computer Engineering degree from the Mumbai University. I am a passionate football fan and an aspiring writer. I have read many novels and story books and boast a good vocabulary to effectively combine with my writing skills to create catchy articles."|"India"|"Sports Writing;Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"11"|"I have been actively writing for 4 years now, and have written in a wide variety of topics ranging from technical to nontechnical. I anticipate the needs of my clients, and I always exceed expectations. I am professional in my approach to all projects.I am confident to write on any topic due to my wide range of skills and willingness to learn, I guarantee cohesive and exceptional content in all projects I complete.Furthermore, if you need a project completed in a timely manner, I guarantee that all deadlines will be met with premium... Hire me and get your 100% unique SEO optimized articles on time. I have been working as a full time article writer for last 5 years and have written articles for more then 30 Native owned sites.My clients love to hire me for their projects as i am honest and ensure quick delivery.My services are highly beneficial for the clients who are building Clickbank niche sites, amazon niche sites and micro niche site for affiliate marketingMy articles have perfect markup and has excellent layout that helps site owners to get more readers and to make more sales. I maintain a regular communication with my clients so that my clients can ask for checking the progress of their projects and provide me with feedback. Your project will be in good hands with me. With unbeatable quality, high attention to detail, affordable price, fast turnaround and friendly customer service, this is a writing service that you don't want to miss it for the world. I am skilled at many forms of writing including blogging, articles, site copy, content marketing, fiction writing, ghostwriting, product listings, adverts and marketing emails.I particularly love to write about health, fitness,news blogs, travel, relationships, nutrition, entertainment, business and lifestyle. Read More »"|"Kenya"|"Content Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Online Writing;Article Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Editing;Microsoft Word;Sports Writing;Technical Writing"
"30"|"My clients look for results. Power Pages Pro (that's me!) gets them what they need, when they need it. With a writing career in a variety of business sectors, I write for sales, marketing and technical briefs. Services include web content, manuals and complete training courses written in the subjects chosen by my clients. Additionally, I also write and translate in both english and french (expert / bilingual). Writing professionally since 1984, I have worked for several US companies and handled writing projects in both US and UK english. Based close to Paris, I also have experience of the european market for a number of different sectors. Independent since 2001, I enjoy working with clients like yourself to plan, write and hit the targets that are important to you.Read More »"|"France"|"Microsoft Word;Technical Writing;English - French translation;English;Microsoft PowerPoint;FrontPage 2000;Microsoft Access Administration"
"33"|"As a multifaceted individual, I'm skilled in both software QA and writing, rewriting, editing, and proofreading.I'm venturing from fulltime office work into a fulltime workathome freelancer.  My desires are to find and keep quality clients, and expand my skills and experience by providing them with quality work, while still having fun.My specialties in Software QA include Agile, manual testing, test management, requirements review, and endtoend functional testing  including database verification, something I have a particular... QUALITY ASSURANCEI'm a QA Manager offering more than a dozen years of experience ensuring firstrate quality for enterprise systems initiatives. I've worked with projects for the Department of Defense, FEMA, Humana, and Sony Online Entertainment among others. Professionally I've run the gambit from entry level tester all the way up to QA Manager  a position I've held in one form or another for over  5 years.  I have entered into two companies and created QA departments for them where none existed prior, complete with tools and processes specific to their needs. I have worked in conjunction with numerous Project Managers, Developers, CEOs, and VPs to ensure effective requirements, specifications, and cross functional teamwork. With an ability to adapt to any environment, I have worked in and led teams using many varied resources and processes while offering my own advice for changes based on my experience and the needs of the company.  From full IEEE standard Test Plans and associated documentation to scripts written in Excel, to sophisticated Test Management tools, I've used them all successfully.WRITING:I'm a freelance writer with regular travel, technical, educational, and story articles on an active website, personal blog articles, and other articles as opportunities arise.  As a former adventure guide, current scuba diving instructor, whitewater enthusiast, hiker, and avid traveler, I have many experiences to draw from for both nonfiction and creative...Read More »"|"United States"|"SQL Programming;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Blog Writing;Test Plans;QA Management;QA Testing;Software QA Testing;HTML5;SQL;Selenium;web application testing"
"38"|"Top 1% of writers on Elance. My writing experiences include a spec script for the CBS show Two and a Half Men and the new show Whitney. My business writing career has included writing for the Lance Armstrong Foundation and National Brain Tumor Society. I have worked with Elance for over 9 years and am committed to meeting my clients needs. Including creative writing, Search Engine Optimized articles, news articles, resumes, academic research papers, white papers, and word processing.  Extensive experience in travel writing throughout the... I'm here to meet all your needs and will work closely with you to ensure every detail of your project is completed exactly as requested. Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Email;English;Marketing;Public Relations;Computer Skills;Human Resource Management;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Technical Writing;Fiction Writing;Writing;Medical Writing;Children's Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"55"|"One of the most crucial elements of service to a Client is in being able to interpret implicit needs beyond the surface of the stated needs.  I want to exceed what the Client even believes that he or she needs, and to deliver a quality product that was created efficiently so that the Client truly gets the most for the dollar.  With the Adobe suite of products and an increasing developing skill of manual illustration, I seek to provide Design skills that consistently challenge the standard and appeal to the eye to achieve any goal desired by..."|"United States"|"Adobe Illustrator;Adobe InDesign;Adobe Photoshop;English;English Punctuation;Creative Writing;Technical Writing"
"47"|"Licensed, awardwinning physical therapist.Aren't you tired of redoing the work you hired out? A 5 star average: \"Wow! Amazed at the quality of your work Andrea! I'm adding you to my list of top notch writers/researchers for future projects. Thanks again for such an impeccable job.\" (1/9/15)Grantwriter, National Swimming Pool FoundationGrantwriter, Aquatic Therapy UniversityFreelance writer x 20 years with > 600 articles to datePhysical therapist. Awardwinning.Managing editor. Physical therapy journal, 3 yearsAs adjunct faculty... My specialty? Transforming medical, educational and rehabilitation facts into pithy, imminently readable information for the rest of the world. I speak you.I specialize in creating evidencebased training manuals, healthrelated grant applications, continuing education material, and seminars. My expertise includes:Academic WritingArticle WritingBusiness WritingGrant WritingMedical WritingTesting and Exam CreationWeb ContentBrief highlights:Over 600 solicited articles in printAward winning physical therapist, American Physical Therapy Association Aquatic Therapy Professional of the YearPaid monthly columnist for 3 magazinesAdjunct faculty, St. Catherine UniversityRehab director, Regions Hospital therapeutic poolGrant writer, Aquatic Therapy University/National Swimming Pool FoundationKey words: grant writing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, rehabilitation, education, exercise, fitness, aquatic therapy, medical writingRead More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Technical Writing;Physical Therapy;Ghostwriting;Medical Writing;Business Writing;Grant Writing;Journalism Writing;English;English Spelling"
"50"|"I work with clients to find creative written solutions for their businesses. Another way to put it is I sharpen what a business has to say. I tauten out the slack, I bolt down the loose ends, I eliminate the spare parts. I'm a consultant, and part of the job is asking the right questions to coax out the crucial details. Have an idea for a book, or looking to have it perused by someone with an eye for detail? Let's hammer out the points and do a substantive edit. Is your company coming out with a new product line? I can bring you bold,... First, thanks for reading my profile. There are over 135,000 writing and translation providers on Elance, and your email is probably flooded with proposals. I propose you kick your feet up and relax. You've just reached the talent. If you're here you'll be looking for credentials. I graduated with honors from the University of Arizona with a Bachelor Degree in Creative Writing, scored in the 96th percentile on the vocabulary test on the Graduate Record Exam (but don't ask me what my math score was,) and taught English for two years in Chile, so I know the ins and outs of grammar better than anyone. Don't believe me? Check out my test results on Elance and put those doubts to rest.A few brief words about how I write. My style is without affectation; I keep things simple, clear, and concrete. Many writers opt to take on projects they aren't interested in, and quality suffers because of it. I only bid on projects that click with me. I am naturally curious, and my skepticism sharpens my ideas. If you have a draft you can't seem to bring to life, or you're treading water with the same marketing oneliners, show me what you've got. I've divided my experience into three categories below: Writing, Translations, and Editing. The editing section also includes rewrites and proofreading.  1. Writing:This is the meat and potatoes of what I do. I received my degree in Creative Writing, but was writing long before that, and have continued to write since I graduated. I offer my...Read More »"|"United States"|"English;English Spelling;Translation English Spanish;Editing;English Grammar;Content Writing;English Punctuation;Online Writing;Business Writing;Technical Writing"
"27"|"As a freelance professional with a degree in history and economics,  I write financial blogs, business articles and website content. In the past, I have worked as a ghostwriter for spirituality and business leadership. My current freelance clients include professionals in real estate, finance, religion, travel and global leadership coaching. I also do Spanish and Italian translations.   I put 100% effort into each job and assignment I carry out. I write for the client, so I am always open to new ideas and will do revisions until each piece is perfect. I primarily write articles on science, real estate, finance, spirituality and travel. When it comes to fiction, most of my work has centered around romance novels. Although I have focused on these subjects in the past, I am always open to learning new things for new project types. When you work with me, you can expect: Two revision requests with each project Projects submitted on the deadline Continuous communication A highquality of writingIn return, I ask for the escrow account to be funded before beginning because it   makes my side of the business safer.  Once the project is complete, you have one month to ask for revisions and complete the payment process. Read More »"|"United States"|"Financial Writing;English;Article Writing;Business Writing;Report Writing;Technical Writing;Creative Writing;Translation Spanish English;Academic Writing;Ghostwriting"
"38"|"If you're interested in original, snappy, engaging, SEOfriendly content, then I'm your guy.I'm an expert at weaving scientific discoveries into compelling narratives. My articles are featured regularly on Discover Magazine, Scientific American, TechRepublic and other leading science and technology outlets. And I'm engaged in active dialogue with hundreds of readers, followers, scientists and other experts. "|"United States"|"Creative Writing;English Grammar;Technical Writing;Academic Writing;English"
""|"If you're interested in original, snappy, engaging, SEOfriendly content, then I'm your guy.I'm an expert at weaving scientific discoveries into compelling narratives. My articles are featured regularly on Discover Magazine, Scientific American, TechRepublic and other leading science and technology outlets. And I'm engaged in active dialogue with hundreds of readers, followers, scientists and other experts. "|"United States"|"Creative Writing;English Grammar;Technical Writing;Academic Writing;English"
"33"|"I bring the experience of a lifetime in science education to your projects.  I specialize in Biology, the Environment and all thing Green and Growing. However I have wideranging interests combined with excellent research and writing abilities that will ensure topquality results in any project. on any subject.I have an honours firstclass  degree in Biological Sciences and a wealth of experience in writing.  I grew up in the UK, went to University in Australia, taught in the UK and in Canada, so I am completely fluent in US and UK English. Academic writing at all levels.Course and program preparation.Reports, studies and reviews.Specialized assistance to scientists writing in English as their second language  editing, proofing, references, style adjustments and coaching.BlogsPreparation of examination questions and SAT questionsRead More »"|"France"|"Content Writing;English;Report Writing;Technical Writing;Editing;Academic Writing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;English Spelling;teaching English"
"27"|"My 30 years+ of business experience includes writing ebooks, guides, manuals, blogs articles, website and landing page content, and press releases. I provide original, engaging SEO content to attract visitors and rate in the top 10% for copywriting skills on Elance. I am also an experienced proofreader and editor.My portfolio includes work in the selfhelp, health, and marketing,niches as well as real estate, tourism and hospitality projects. I'm an experienced researcher and I'm always keen to learn something new. I have an indepth... Each project receives the personal attention it deserves, from start to finish. You can be assured that you will be kept in the loop and the work will be done right the first time, and on time.I will be happy to discuss your project in detail. Please know that you will receive a topnotch end product.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Copywriting;Content Writing;Press Release Writing;Ghostwriting;English;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Business Writing;Article Writing;Technical Writing;Microsoft Word;English Punctuation;Online Writing;eBooks;eBook Design"
""|"My 30 years+ of business experience includes writing ebooks, guides, manuals, blogs articles, website and landing page content, and press releases. I provide original, engaging SEO content to attract visitors and rate in the top 10% for copywriting skills on Elance. I am also an experienced proofreader and editor.My portfolio includes work in the selfhelp, health, and marketing,niches as well as real estate, tourism and hospitality projects. I'm an experienced researcher and I'm always keen to learn something new. I have an indepth... Each project receives the personal attention it deserves, from start to finish. You can be assured that you will be kept in the loop and the work will be done right the first time, and on time.I will be happy to discuss your project in detail. Please know that you will receive a topnotch end product.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Copywriting;Content Writing;Press Release Writing;Ghostwriting;English;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Business Writing;Article Writing;Technical Writing;Microsoft Word;English Punctuation;Online Writing;eBooks;eBook Design"
"16"|"Broad spectrum of skills including project management (PMP Certified), Industrial Engineering, Systems Engineering, Spanish language (native), English and a bit of French too. I've designed and managed more than 100 projects for automation and integration of business processes from different branches or websites, which gave me the opportunity to master the modeling of systems and databases, applications and web pages, graphic design with highly creative ideas. Very proactive, responsible, honest and committed attached to ease of speaking and... + IT & Programming: Project Management (PMP) CustomerProgrammer link Software analysis and Automation of customers business processes HTML programming Asp.net programming Database design WebDesign SEO Analysis+ Design & Multimedia Logo design Flyers Design Poster Design Business Card Design Brochure Design Brand Identity Design Website Design Photography+ Writing & Translation EnglishSpanish translation SpanishEnglish translation Spanish articles writing, editing & proofreading + Finance & Management Project Management (PMP) Excel spreadsheet development & proofreadingRead More »"|"Venezuela"|"Microsoft Excel;HTML;Computer Skills;Adobe Photoshop;Microsoft PowerPoint;Translation English Spanish;Adobe Flash;Web Design;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Business Writing;Spanish;Translation Spanish English;Travel Writing;Google Analytics"
"33"|"My primary goal in writing is client satisfaction:  \"Richard provided quality articles that were exceptional and insightful. He hit our niche on target and is a pleasure to work with. Great attitude...highly recommended! One of the best writers on Elance by far...\"If you need high quality writing that is wellresearched and delivered on time, please consider that I may be your best choice for a variety of projects, including articles, blogs, and web content writing,   All of my writing is 100% original and designed to capture reader... Writing original articles for legal and attorney websites on any topic of law.Blogs and articles on investment, banking and finance.Speech writing and coaching.Articles and training guides for management training and team building.Nonprofit fundraising strategies, development models, prospect letters and coaching.Articles on consulting practice methods, healthcare, Obamacare, medical tourism and international medical facilities. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Legal Writing;Content Writing;Business Writing;Finance and Investment Writing;English Grammar;Proposal Writing;Speech Writing;Travel Writing;Writing"
"44"|"Words are an art form that convey powerful images and messages. My message to potential clients is that it would be a privilege to write the words that work for you.Lifelong resident of Washington State, I currently reside on Maui working as a freelance writer. With a B.S. degree in Promotional Media for Tourism and experience as a writer and editor for a state tourism authority, I specialize in writing about tourism, travel and the hospitality industry.I also have a passion for interior decorating and design, with working experience,... ELANCE SKILLS TESTS:Top 10% in English SpellingTop 30% in Article WritingTop 30% in Content WritingEXPERIENCE IN TRAVEL AND TOURISM RELATED WORK:~ Web copy for luxury vacation rentals and site content.~ Magazine: design, cover, feature articles, photos, writing and editing.~ Newspaper articles related to the industry.~ Brochure: content, photos, design, writing, fact checking, proofreading.~ Calendar of Events: copy, research, fact checking, photos.~ Print materials for conventions and trade shows.ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:~ Interior Design.~ Houzz.com. Managing Houzz presence via discussions, ideabooks, projects. ~ Newspaper: feature articles and editorials.~ Radio Sales: commercial copy and voice overs.~ Books: ghostwriting, editing.~ Blogging: WordPress.com~ Medical Manuscripts: training manual for VA Hospital.~ Legal documents: legal secretary and legal clientele.~ Business: HOA proposals, meeting advisories and minutes.~ Academic: Editing theses & term papers.~ Photography: Website, magazine and brochure photos.~ Resumes, published poetry, personal autobiographyunpublished.~ Public Relations: Speech writing.~ Managing Houzz portfolio, discussions, projects, ideabooks, protopro forum and interior design advice. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Editing;English;English Spelling;Online Writing;Resume Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing"
"20"|"I am a native English speaker fluent in both American and British English.  I have extensive experience in teaching English, academic writing, article writing, as well as real estate, hospitality and tourism management, and anthropology. I am highly motivated and want to do my best to get your work done as efficiently and effectively as possible.  I have traveled to 49 countries including Asian, American, European, and African nations, which gave me my open mind and diplomatic approach to all my writing and interaction with people. I have... With over $15,000 in lifetime earnings and a 5 star rating, I am here to provide excellent service and flawless writing.4 years Freelance Experience4 years Real Estate  Experience4 years Teaching Experience2 years Managerial ExperienceAA in Tourism and Hospitality ManagementBA in Hospitality and Tourism ManagementRead More »"|"Taiwan"|"English;Computer Skills;English Spelling;Translation English Spanish;Call Center Skills;U.S. Culture;Editing;Business Writing;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing;Content Writing;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;Feature Writing"
"44"|"Want it perfect?  Want it unique?  Want it on time?  You've got it.  With a degree in English Language and Literature, and professional experience in writing, editing, and teaching composition, I am quick, accurate, and clear.  I have vast experience in writing for sales and marketing and am experienced at improving the writing of others.My specific areas of expertise include: wine, food and wine pairing, cooking, beer, fine spirits, travel, dining, mixology, education, literature, and tennis."|"United States"|"Content Writing;Business Writing;Online Writing;Creative Writing;Academic Writing;English Spelling;English;Article Writing;English Grammar;Travel Writing"
"33"|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
""|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
"22"|"Hi!  My name is Emily Cox, and I have been writing for clients on a freelance basis for over ten years.  I have undertaken a wide variety of projects, including basic article writing for blogs and online publications; lesson planning; book summaries and analyses; compilation of spreadsheets and databases; educational test questions; and development of online content.  My 'day job' is a clinical social worker in a mental health setting working with children and families, so I always enjoy taking on assignments that have to do with... I provide only thoroughly edited, quality work.  I write articles, book summaries, lesson plans, reports, exam questions, and ebooks.  I also have completed many administrative projects which have consisted of compiling information from many sources into databases.Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Content Writing;Writing;Computer Skills;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;General Office Skills;Microsoft Access Programming;Microsoft Publisher;Travel Writing;Article Writing;Blogging;Editing"
"30"|"I am a professional freelance travel writer and real estate writer with a Bachelor of Arts who has been writing for a living since 2007. Passionate about travel and all things real estate, these are the areas I have chosen to specialize in, though my creative writing skills are put to good use in many other areas too.I am always striving to produce the best quality writing that exceeds my clients' expectations and gives them exactly what they want first time. My feedback ratings speak for themselves, as does the fact that over a third of... Member of the International Travel Writers Alliance and the Federation of BC Writers.  I've been writing for a living since 2007 though my writing experience goes many years beyond this in the form of unpaid writing work, and writing for pleasure.I was born, raised and educated in England and lived there up until 2007 when I emigrated to British Columbia in Canada. Though I love going back to the UK to visit friends and family, I now consider Canada to be my home.My love for travel, along with a degree in Tourism Management, and experience working in the tourism industry, means I am first and foremost a travel writer. Travel writing is where I excel, though there are many other areas of writing in which I shine too!My other specialist subject is real estate writing, particularly for the UK and Canadian marketplace, and whether it's travel writing or real estate writing I enjoy doing it for any medium  web content, blogs, article writing, feature writing, creative writing and more.Keeping an eye on the property market in both countries is a hobby of mine, so I relish the opportunity to write on this subject at any time, injecting a great enthusiasm that some other writers just don't have.You can see some of my real estate writing work on the Canadian Renters website where I am a guest blogger: http://www.canadianrenters.ca/people/clairebolgil/, and on the real estate pages of Professors House website: http://www.professorshouse.com/yourhome/realestate/My...Read More »"|"Canada"|"Travel Writing;Real Estate Writing;Creative Writing;Content Writing;Article Writing;Copywriting;Content Management;Online Writing;Feature Writing;English;Writing;English Spelling;English Grammar;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Blogs"
"25"|"Everyone has a voice, but not everyone knows how to use it. I'm constantly learning to refine mine, which is part of the journey of becoming the writer that I want to be.Freelance writing is a competitive field and the only way to stand out is by working hard and applying the talent you have. I am German by birth and with that come work ethics that are second to few. I've lived and worked exclusively in English speaking countries (Australia, New Zealand, Canada, England) for the past eight years.I've received my training as a content... Creative writing, article writing, blog writing; I'm able to do translations from German to English and English to German.Content editing and proofreading are also among the things I am trained on, British English and American English as well as German.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;English;Translation German English;Translation English German;German;Editing;Photography;Travel Writing;Article Writing;Blogging"
"16"|"Let me introduce myself: I am a bilingual statecertified translator for German and English. I also have experience with customer service and as PA, as well as working as an interpreter.I am a friendly, professional, serviceorientated person and will carry out all work entrusted to me with care and dedication. I take great pride in what I do and will always give 100%. Besides my core languages, I am also fluent in French and speak Italian at a conversational level.  My areas of expertise are:HumanitiesTravel &Tourism Sports (Scuba Diving, Technical Diving, Free Diving, Yoga, Running)CraftsFiction and Romance NovelsRead More »"|"Germany"|"English;German;Translation English German;Translation French German;Travel Writing;Time Management;Elance;English Punctuation;Translation German English;French;Italian"
"18"|"I'm an American freelance writer, SpanishEnglish translator, and social media manager currently based out of central Mexico. Travel writing with an SEO focus is my bread and butter, but I dabble in other interesting niches as well. A winner of various foreign language and academic writing awards from universities and civic organizations, I'm also certified by the University of Cambridge to teach English to speakers of other languages. I have been recommended by 100% of my Elance clients thus far, and I hope to add you to this list! I provide the following services for my clients:Spanish to English translationblog writingcopy writingarticle writingsocial media managementWhen it comes to translation, I've worked with short fiction pieces, legal documents, company websites, and nearly everything in between. I generally avoid documents related to medicine and certain scientific fieldsI simply lack the expertise to do this work properlybut most everything else is fair game. What I lack in formal certifications I make up for in real life experience. I've studied for an extended period of time in Guatemala, lived and worked for almost a year in Costa Rica, and am currently living in Mexico with my fiancée. But just because I'm familiar with Spanish the way it is actually spoken doesn't mean that I can't handle the demands of rigorous academic Spanishupon graduating from university I was one of two students in a class of several thousand to win the prestigious foreign language studies award.On the writing front, I primarily work in the travel/tourism niche. However, I have written on a wide variety of topics and am willing to consider all job types on a case to case basis. I have a very solid understanding of SEO writing best practices, and I've launched both my personal blog and clients' sites to the front page of Google for a variety of competitive keywords.As far as social media goes, I've got experience managing Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google+, Instragram, TripAdvisor, and Yelp...Read More »"|"Mexico"|"Translation English Spanish;Travel Writing;Creative Writing;Content Writing;English;Academic Writing;Spanish;Translation;Article Writing;Content Management;Blogging;Blog Writing;Research;Business Writing;Microsoft Office"
"15"|"I am a Canadianraised, trained and practiced journalist currently freelancing for a variety of publications and clients worldwide. Having a variety of clients has taught me, more than ever, to adapt the voice and tone of my writing. I work under tight deadlines and ensure my articles are succinct and wellresearched. These qualities can all be seen through the articles I write (see my portfolio here: kenwallingford.ca).My work has appeared in the Toronto Star, Rough Guides, VICE.com, enRoute Magazine (enroute.aircanada.com), and Emaho... Ask the people around me in my daily life and you'll know I'm a hard worker, always on the job and always keeping my eyes open for the next opportunity to learn something new about the world around me.I am quick to reply to emails and messages, and I'm always browsing news sites and social media to see what's happening and what's trending. I am a relentless worker, too; when I have a job to do, I don't stop until it's done, and done with quality.Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Journalism Writing;Article Writing;Travel Writing;Content Writing;WordPress;Adobe Photoshop;News reporting;Creative Writing;Copy Editing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"50"|"American Writer, Traveler & Diver Based In The Philippines. Writing about travel and scuba diving has a requirement not found in many other fields. That requirement is passion and I have that Passion for travel and scuba diving.\"Fantastic, intelligent, excellent work that was consistently on time and budget. I would without doubt use Chasdavis again; great research skills, no change too much trouble, well laid out copy and importantly, all original top notch content. I am 100% satisfied  thank you for your efforts on my ebook.”— Tour... Niches served:Scuba Diving and Diving Related Travel ContentConsumer Travel ContentTravel and Dive MarketingDestination Management Many writers believe and have convinced others that they can write on any topic. When it comes to these topics they are wrong. We,the experienced travelers and scuba divers,can tell the difference and it can reflect poorly on your credibility. As you look for someone to supply your or your clients requirements you need someone who is a subject matter expert.Personal travel is not about seeing places, you can do that on television. It is about creating memories, memories based on the emotions that are experienced. Emotions that watching television just can not trigger. To the scuba diver, we have the same emotional reactions as we explore a new shipwreck or dive with a whale shark larger than a bus. The experienced traveler and the scuba diver have a passion for their interest. A burning desire for the next trip or the next dive.When I write content for you, you are insured that you are getting a subject matter expert. The material you receive with be well written, on time, up to date and written in a tone that your client, potential customers or website readers can relate to. You will become to be considered a reliable authority on the topics being covered. As an authority, your target audience will turn to you for further information or purchases. You will be seen as one of us, and we stick together.When it comes to these niche...Read More »"|"Philippines"|"Scuba Diving;Travel consulting;Hospitality Management;Travel Writing;Copywriting;Article Writing;Internet Marketing;Photography;Content Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Search Engine Marketing (SEM);Travel;Tourism;Blogging;Advertising"
"15"|"\"To be a writer, write. To be a reader, read.\" EpictetusI am a writer and proofreader, expert in editing written work by ESL students and professionals. Subjects edited range from business plans to organic chemistry. I've written for standup comics, independent newsletters, selfemployed professionals, and my own pleasure. By now you're asking yourself, \"Why?\" Because...I schedule deadlines for dinner and meet them for lunch. Reliable, consistent, and fast, I write for the love of writing. Whatever your project, I bring my passion...."|"United States"|"Article Writing;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Ghostwriting;Financial Writing;Historical Writing;English Grammar;Copy Editing;Travel Writing;Email"
"20"|"As a published author, professional educator and PhD candidate, I have extensive experience in writing and research. My background is in History, so I am highly skilled in researching and analyzing information. I have published numerous scholarly articles, and have welldeveloped writing and editorial skills. For the past 11 years, I have also worked for ACT (American College Testing), writing both essays and test items for the Reading, Humanities, and Science portions of the test. Most of my experience has been in academia; however, writing..."|"United States"|"Editing;Academic Writing;Creative Writing;English Grammar;English Proofreading;Non-Fiction Writing;Travel Writing;Research;Writing;Travel Planning;Culture"
"27"|"Professional and creative with a diverse skill set, I am available to write for clients in just about any niche or genre. Course content writing, blogs, ebooks, and article writing are my specialties. A majority of my writing, whether ghostwritten or published under my own name, falls within the travel, lifestyle, and academic fields. However, I am not limited by topic. With me you will receive a fast turn around, reasonable rate, open communication, and, most importantly, integrity. Every new project is approached and created with my... WRITING SERVICES: Ghostwriting Blogs Ebooks Course & Curriculum Guides Webpage Copy Proofreading & EditingPRIMARY TOPICS  Hospitality (food, wine, beer, travel, bartending, party planning, etc.) Education Issues Special Needs & Disabilities Nutrition, Health, & Fitness  Mental, Physical, Emotional Health & Wellbeing  Relationships & Romance Adult issues (sex, relationships, divorce, marriage, etc.) Young adult issues (dating, bullying, friendships, family, school, etc.) Selfhelp & Advice Beauty & Fashion  Literature & Reading  Television & Film Pop Culture EntertainmentWITH ME, YOU RECEIVE: Integrity Professionalism Quality services Interesting content (no generic, run of the mill pieces) Prompt response & delivery  Creativity  Originality (will pass Copyscape)  Distinct voice and point of view  Respect for deadlines Daily communication & frequent updates Fair, reasonable, and realistic rates Friendly and personable demeanor **PROFILE IMAGE CREDIT: Everlasting Films & Photography of Brookfield, CT***Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copywriting;Blog Writing;Press Release Writing;Article Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Travel Writing;Creative Writing;ebook Writing;Editorial Writing;Copy Editing;Biography Writing;English Proofreading;Book Writing;Blog Commenting"
"20"|"I am a native English speaker from the United States currently focusing on a career as a freelance translator, copywriter, and editor. I specialize in Spanish to English translation and travel copywriting, and also provide editing and proofreading services for Englishlanguage texts. You can learn more at: www.tlftranslation.comI also have an MA in Translation Studies from Durham University in the UK, as well as a BA in Spanish and Linguistics from the University of Iowa. My translation degree provided me with extensive practical... I specialize in Spanish to English translation of all text types, particularly tourism, marketing, literary, and legal texts, as well as copywriting related to travel and tourism. Since editing and proofreading is an essential part of both translation and copywriting, I have extensive experience with both of these activities, and also provide editing services for Englishlanguage texts.I have one year of experience as a personal banker in the United States. Given this history in the financial industry, I am interested in translating financial texts and have experience translating such texts as a part of my MA course. I am also especially interested in texts related to science, law, marketing, and travel, but would appreciate the opportunity to translate any text. I am also available for copywriting, editing and proofreading. I have completed a course on Editorial Techniques as a part of my MA, which I feel has given me greater insight into the many facets of editing, as well as providing me with more experience editing actual texts. I have also gained extensive copywriting experience over the past year, primarily writing travel pieces for various tourism websites.Read More »"|"United States"|"Translation Spanish English;English Proofreading;Editing;Copywriting;English Spelling;English;Spanish;Translation Portuguese English;Translation French English;Travel Writing"
"27"|"\"Fantastic job. Angela is an extremely talented writer and very dependable. Highly recommended!\" If you want a professional SEO copywriter so you can give feedback like this, then look no further. I specialise in writing, editing and optimising web content to increase your search engine ranking.With over 12 years combined experience as a web content writer and digital marketing strategist, I'm looking to work with clients seeking high quality copy.If you hire me you'll get exactly what professionals deliver  reader friendly content that... Services I provide include:* Travel writing* Article writing* SEO for web content* Web copywriting* Website rewriting* Website editing* SEO for blog postsRead More »"|"New Zealand"|"Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Writing;Travel Writing;Article Writing;English Spelling;Italian;Online Writing;English Proofreading;Journalism Writing;Script Writing"
"35"|"Tested in the top 5% of copyediting, proofreading, and editing. Let me help your work shine! I provide thorough copyediting and proofreading that includes formatting Word documents for print and electronic publication. With a master's degree in liberal arts, I am capable to work on all topics. I have more than 20 years of editing experience and offer you a mature wellrounded perspective. I look forward to working with you.  Spelling, US, UK, and AustralianPunctuationGrammarCheck sentence structure, flow, tone, and voice Check quotes and referencesChicago, APA, MLA, and journal stylesSubject/verb agreementPronoun/antecedent agreementCheck capitalization, italics, and bold faceReview tense and voiceFormatting consistencyProper use of en/em dashes and ellipsesCheck character names for spelling and consistency Format for Kindle eBook and/or print publicationConsistent abbreviations and acronymsProper use of headings, lists, tables, and graphsProvide readability statistics with the reading grade levelCreate indexesRead More »"|"United States"|"Copy Editing;English Proofreading;ebook Formatting;Editing;English Spelling;English Grammar;English;English Punctuation;Microsoft Word;Computer Skills;U.S. Culture;Expert Summarizer;Elance;Academic Editing;Typing"
"8"|"Professional Data Analyst, Title Examiner, Web Search Specialist, Excel Expert, Graphic Designer and efficient in dealing with All type of Web Search, Graphic Design, Web Developing, Data Entry, PDF Conversion, ECommerce Database, Litigation Support. Providing offshore services:Our website: www.jaedatamgmt.com"|"Philippines"|"Administrative Support;Data Encoding;Data Entry;Google search;Internet Research;Microsoft Office;Research;Typing;Virtual Assistant"
"3"|"Completed over 300 jobs in the last 12 months. Ranked in Elance Top 50 within 12 months of joining Elance. Highly organized, efficient and competent. Available to provide services including word processing and spreadsheet creation. Specializing in Word and Excel creation, working with complex excel spreadsheets including macros, formulas, graphs, etc. Excellent worker on data entry projects with high quality and ontime delivery.  Rate varies depending on the type of project. I charge low rates for pure simple offline data entry, slightly higher rates for online data entry and research, complex data processing, reformatting and cleansing of data, Word formatting, etc and even more for Excel programming.Read More »"|"India"|"Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Data Entry;VBA;Microsoft Office;Data Cleansing;Typing;Google Docs;OpenOffice;Computer Skills;General Office Skills;PDF Conversion;Internet Research;Adobe PDF;Microsoft Outlook"
"20"|"I am a stay at home mom, trying to stay at home with my kids!  I have extensive experience in all things administrative, from internet research, data entry, 10key, and word processing.  I work with all Office programs.  My latest paid experience is research and data entry, My current typing speed is 93 wpm as well as 11,000 10key strokes per hour.  I am fast, reliable, and accurate.  I also do minor bookkeeping, especially in Quickbooks."|"United States"|"Typing;Data Entry;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft PowerPoint;Bookkeeping;English Proofreading;Transcription"
"17"|"Email list are the best way to generate leads for your business. You can use the email list in two different ways i.e – Tele prospecting as well as Email marketing. I can help you to source contacts from various industry and verticals . I can also customize lists for you as per your criteria such as: Industry, geography, titles etc, if you are planning for a customized list let me know of your target criteria. Through precise use of email lists, a business can hold the very future of the company in terms of growth. An email list is important... Research Specialist for USA/UK/CANADA and all other countries.Leave all your Admin Support worries with me. I am freelancer with 7+years of experience in data searching, mining, researching, cold calling, Copy, paste, Excel, Word, you can read reviews on my profile to take an idea on my work.Business lists made by me offer you targeted marketing to companies and professionals so that you can pinpoint the best sales leads and prospects for your offer. Successfully target professionals and businesses effectively. Choose from specific industries, locations, job titles, and more.....Fields Included: Company Name, Contact Name, Contact Title, Email Address, Mailing Address ,State, City, Zip Code, Phone Number, URL, Country.I am Specialized in B2B lists based out of USA.I would like to help you grow your business.Thanks and waiting for your reply.RegardsRohit AggarwalRead More »"|"India"|"Typing;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Reserch;cold Calling;Sales;appointments fixer;Data Mining;Data Entry;data researching;search on companies;zoominfo;LinkedIn Development;word typing;copy/paste"
"5"|" \"Work is virtue\" that's what I believe and I am available 24x7. Maintaining accuracy & deadline is my strength. I have more than 6 year of experience in Administrative support, Customer Support, Email Marketing and Social Media Marketing. I value commitment more than anything and I only bid on those projects which I would be able to complete successfully.My 4 year university life & 6 year of work experience helps me to prepare myself as a self motivated, Hardworking, trustworthy, Reliable and Punctual individual.  I am a quick learner... # Here is a list of services I am Expert in :> Virtual Assistant> Customer Support> Data Entry> Data Mining> Admin Assistant> Data Analysis> Financial Analysis> Business Analysis> Word Processing> PDF to Word or Excel> Ms Word> Ms Excel> Ms PowerPoint> Web Research> Email Marketing> lead Generation> Product Uploading to eCommerce sites.> Classified ads posting> HTML> CSS> WordPress> Joomla> Accountant> Bookkeeping> Social Media Marketing> Any other type of Data Entry Project (copy paste, typing , database creation etc.)Read More »"|"Bangladesh"|"Data Entry;Research;Administrative Support;Computer Skills;Virtual Assistant;General Office Skills;Other administrative support;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Data Mining;Mailing List Development;Typing;Social Networking Development;Customer Service;WordPress"
""|" \"Work is virtue\" that's what I believe and I am available 24x7. Maintaining accuracy & deadline is my strength. I have more than 6 year of experience in Administrative support, Customer Support, Email Marketing and Social Media Marketing. I value commitment more than anything and I only bid on those projects which I would be able to complete successfully.My 4 year university life & 6 year of work experience helps me to prepare myself as a self motivated, Hardworking, trustworthy, Reliable and Punctual individual.  I am a quick learner... # Here is a list of services I am Expert in :> Virtual Assistant> Customer Support> Data Entry> Data Mining> Admin Assistant> Data Analysis> Financial Analysis> Business Analysis> Word Processing> PDF to Word or Excel> Ms Word> Ms Excel> Ms PowerPoint> Web Research> Email Marketing> lead Generation> Product Uploading to eCommerce sites.> Classified ads posting> HTML> CSS> WordPress> Joomla> Accountant> Bookkeeping> Social Media Marketing> Any other type of Data Entry Project (copy paste, typing , database creation etc.)Read More »"|"Bangladesh"|"Data Entry;Research;Administrative Support;Computer Skills;Virtual Assistant;General Office Skills;Other administrative support;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Data Mining;Mailing List Development;Typing;Social Networking Development;Customer Service;WordPress"
"10"|"*Your Virtual Assistant, Mathematics Teacher, Assistant Nurse*2+ years experience in Data Entry, Transcription, Typing, PDF to Word/Excel, Email Handling, Research*Diligent, Efficient & Hardworking Freelancer*Keen eye for accuracy and complete tasks efficiently*Filling PDF Forms*Convert or Transcribe PDF to MS Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Google Docs*Convert or MS Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Google Docs documents to PDF*Transcribing data from written/audio to MS Word/Excel/PowerPoint*Knowledgeable in computer applications, internet research,... ***For OTHER tasks not mentioned, I am willing and able to learn the process with initial guidance.I offer the following services:Data Entryproducts searchinternet researchcompany contactsdata from documentsinvoices and other receiptsedit PDF fillable PDF formsconvert MS Word / Excel / PowerPoint to PDFconvert/transcribe / type PDF to MS Word / Excel / PowerPointTranscriptionmeeting notesdata from documentsgeneral transcriptionsimple transcriptioninterview transcriptionaudio / video transcriptionComputer skillstypingimage resizephoto editingemail handlingemail sendingcopy and pastefolder renaminginternet researchfolder organizationscreen shots / imagescontent managementimage upload / downloadupload/download files / photos to internetApplicationsMS WordMS ExcelMS PowerPointGmail Google DriveGoogle DocsGoogle SpreadsheetGoogle Keyword PlannerDropboxSalesforcePhotoscapeNitro ProAdobe Photoshop ElementsTutorstatisticsmathematicsanalyze tables & graph***For OTHER tasks not mentioned, I am willing and able to learn the process with initial guidance.Read More »"|"Philippines"|"Typing;Data Entry;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;PDF Conversion;Administrative Support;Word Processing;Internet Research;Email Handling;Transcription"
""|"*Your Virtual Assistant, Mathematics Teacher, Assistant Nurse*2+ years experience in Data Entry, Transcription, Typing, PDF to Word/Excel, Email Handling, Research*Diligent, Efficient & Hardworking Freelancer*Keen eye for accuracy and complete tasks efficiently*Filling PDF Forms*Convert or Transcribe PDF to MS Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Google Docs*Convert or MS Word/Excel/PowerPoint/Google Docs documents to PDF*Transcribing data from written/audio to MS Word/Excel/PowerPoint*Knowledgeable in computer applications, internet research,... ***For OTHER tasks not mentioned, I am willing and able to learn the process with initial guidance.I offer the following services:Data Entryproducts searchinternet researchcompany contactsdata from documentsinvoices and other receiptsedit PDF fillable PDF formsconvert MS Word / Excel / PowerPoint to PDFconvert/transcribe / type PDF to MS Word / Excel / PowerPointTranscriptionmeeting notesdata from documentsgeneral transcriptionsimple transcriptioninterview transcriptionaudio / video transcriptionComputer skillstypingimage resizephoto editingemail handlingemail sendingcopy and pastefolder renaminginternet researchfolder organizationscreen shots / imagescontent managementimage upload / downloadupload/download files / photos to internetApplicationsMS WordMS ExcelMS PowerPointGmail Google DriveGoogle DocsGoogle SpreadsheetGoogle Keyword PlannerDropboxSalesforcePhotoscapeNitro ProAdobe Photoshop ElementsTutorstatisticsmathematicsanalyze tables & graph***For OTHER tasks not mentioned, I am willing and able to learn the process with initial guidance.Read More »"|"Philippines"|"Typing;Data Entry;Microsoft Word;Microsoft Excel;PDF Conversion;Administrative Support;Word Processing;Internet Research;Email Handling;Transcription"
"11"|"You want it done! You want it fast! I am here to help you.  I am ready to deliver great results in a timely, professional and collaborative manner. My motto is: If you're going to do something, do it right. Don't waste anybody's time, especially yours. EnglishSpanish translation.Data Entry.Transcription.Typing services.Read More »"|"Dominican Republic"|"English;Translation English Spanish;Spanish;Translation Spanish English;English Spelling;Data Entry;Microsoft Office;Transcription;Computer Skills;Typing;Editing;Microsoft Word"
"9"|"Data entry expert, eBay listing expert  Auctiva, Turbo Lister also Magento, Shopify, Joomla, Etsy listing, transcription, Virtual Assistant. I am an organized person, I pay attention to details, and my experience will help me to make a very good job on every project that I need to do."|"Romania"|"eBay;eBay Listing/Writing;Etsy Administration;Data Entry;Computer Skills;Transcription;Typing;Microsoft Office;Order Processing;AutoCAD"
"27"|"\"Behind every great writer is a good editor,\" and that means you need me! I'm standing by, ready to give your work a thorough review. *NEW* In addition to transcribing audio, I can also CAPTION your videos! I can EDIT or PROOFREAD:+ creative pieces+ magazine articles+ academic papers+ web content.In my final year at Indiana University, I worked as a writing consultant, helping students brainstorm, organize, develop, and proofread their papers. I have an extensive knowledge of MLA and APA formats. I also have experience editing... + Editing+ Proofreading+ Article Writing+ Creative Writing+ Web Content+ Transcription+ Closed Captions+ Typing+ SpanishEnglish TranslationRead More »"|"United States"|"English;English Proofreading;Transcription;Academic Writing;Writing;Fiction Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Data Entry;Email Etiquette;Typing"
"18"|"I am a long time Elancer with a consistent rating above 4.8; I focus on long term quality work relationships as opposed to fast short term employment. My background in education, customer service and as a publicity assistant to an author are the core of the wealth of experience I bring to being a full time virtual assistant. My focus is to help you with every day virtual assistant tasks. Preparing reports, customer support, writing and editing, and online community management are just a few of the skills I practice on a regular basis. With... I am a former high school English teacher. I am currently a stay at home mother who is looking for a realistic way to supplement my family's income. I can easily dedicate my time to fulfilling your needs. •Well versed in Google calendar, documents, and spreadsheets•I am able to schedule your appointments, organize and create SOPs for you•Experienced Amazon seller assistant•Proficient with MS Office Products•Excellent at managing multiple projects at once. •Great at following up with both workers and clients to help ensure maximum productivity and satisfactionRead More »"|"United States"|"Customer Service;Data Entry;Email;Email Etiquette;Email Handling;Microsoft Office;Time Management;Typing;English;General Office Skills"
"16"|"Hi I'm Kylie, I thrive in environments that are fastpaced and challenging. I am proactive, conscientious and professional, and complete projects to the highest standard. I am a native English speaker (Australian) with an excellent command of English grammar. I am extremely organised and meet deadlines, which enables me to multitask and take on multiple projects at a time. In addition, I have a keen eye for detail  all essential qualities that you are looking for in a competent Virtual Assistant. The virtual realm is an area that I... I enjoy a challenge and follow directions without hesitation. I am not afraid to ask questions, if needed, but thrive at completing tasks quickly and correctly.typing/dictation/transcription 65WPM with 97% accuracy;formatting, editing and proofreading documents;data entry;research;administration;Excel spreadsheet/database creating and maintaining;help with Microsoft Office applications including Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint;email étiquetteGoogle Apps including Gmail, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts;Dropbox Read More »"|"United Kingdom"|"Virtual Assistant;Administrative Support;Research;Microsoft Excel;Microsoft Word;Data Entry;Data Mining;Travel Planning;Transcription;Typing;Email;Editing;Microsoft PowerPoint;Microsoft Outlook;Google Calendar API"
"8"|"What makes me special? Fast, accurate, highly detailoriented and reliable. With the experience of 6 years as an administrative assistant, I have got expertise in Data entry, Web Research, Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat and other administrative jobs.I am very flexible and competitive. I give 100% of myself in whatever project that I take on. I am someone that knows how to prioritize and work on a variety of projects simultaneously. Rest assured that I am honest, efficient, and self motivated with strong organizational skills. I aim to... Data entryData processingData AnalysisWeb researchWord processingPDF ConversionAdobe PDFMicrosoft ExcelMicrosoft WordMicrosoft PowerPointRead More »"|"Bangladesh"|"Microsoft Excel;English;English Spelling;Microsoft Word;Microsoft PowerPoint;Data Entry;Internet Research;Typing;Transcription;Content Management"
"5"|"Good day, and thank you for viewing my profile.  My objective here on Elance is to provide quality service to my employers at all times and at an affordable rateI am a competent and reliable university graduate with over 6 years of professional working experience in the areas of research, investigation, customer service and various administrative tasks. My strong writing skills and acumen for detail is bolstered by my background in general and investigative research as well as report writing.I offer services in the areas of... Transcription Services, Data Entry, Web ResearchRead More »"|"Jamaica"|"Data Entry;Internet Research;Transcription;Typing;English;Editing;Proofreading;Sermon;Research;Virtual Assistant"
"18"|"HELLO! Hardworking work at home mom with a CANdo attitude! 20+ years working in corporate, including 15+ years in Customer Service, 8+ years in Sales & Administrations, 4+ Years as a Business Owner. Now a fulltime freelancer. Versed in social media, administrations, and technologies. Self motivated, detailoriented, and possessed great organizational skills. Quicklearner and can adapt quickly to new technologies. Deadline are taken very seriously. Can work independently, but is a great teamplayer! Personable, and easy to work with.  Inside SalesCustomer ServiceOffice ManagerVirtual AssistantProject ManagerSocial Media ManagerMarketing AssistantAccount ManagerContent CuratorWordpressRead More »"|"United States"|"Administrative Support;Content Management;Customer Service;General Office Skills;Virtual Assistant;Sales Assistant;Internet Marketing;Creative Writing;Facebook Marketing;Twitter Marketing;Computer Skills;eCommerce Consulting;Sales;Affiliate Marketing;Social Media Marketing"
"40"|"\"Shannon is an outstanding writer.  Completely reliable, great communication, great with direction and deadlines.  I highly recommend her and would hire her back in a heartbeat!\"LauraAstra\"Need more traffic on your website? Need content written faster and better? ShannonWatson should be at the top of your list. She handled my projects with high quality and fast turn around. Her knowledge of SEO helped position my articles for higher traffic. \"JimU157“My project was very detailed and last minute. I needed website content revised and... My experiences with writing really run the gamut:  health/fitness, press releases, consumer debt, product reviews, and education are just a few of the niches in which I have recently written content.   I'm also highly experienced with rewriting: I can take nearly any topic and make it completely original (for honest purposes only, please!)  or make your piece the best it possibly can be.I'm a Top Contributor (90+ reviews, 40,000+ page views!) on TripAdvisor.  I really LOVE all things travel, especially related to traveling on a budget, with a family, or hacks to make life easier.I also deeply enjoy writing about real estate, credit/personal finance, and psychology.  My partner when it comes to technical writing, SEO, social media, or anything IT is Rob of Webidextrous; with 20+ years in the field (and some serious writing chops himself!), he's got his finger on the pulse of all things techie!If you are blogging on Wordpress, I'm glad to post directly into your account if you prefer; otherwise, I can easily format in Google Docs as I write based on your specifications, including images as desired.I pride myself on being dependable, punctual, friendly, and flexible.  I have also done a considerable amount of customer service in my work with exchange students and their schools/families.I get a little thrill each time I sleuth something out on the Internet, so much that colleagues joke that nothing can hide from me!I am also branching out into online marketing...Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Copy Editing;Internet Research;Editing;Proofreading;Article Writing;Translation Spanish English;Copywriting;Travel Planning;E-mail marketing;Blogging;Content Management;Non-Fiction Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Writing"
"22"|"Hello! It is good to see you here. I love writing  it is not merely a job for me, but a passion as well. I am the asset you are looking for your content, idea, concept, news story, blog, article, web content and any other similar project. I will turn your draft into a Masterpiece. My motivation is the challenge of finishing work projects in time. I am creative and can work well under pressure to achieve personal and corporate goals. I have the drive, determination and interest to make a real success of my job.Mission: To be successful... I write content that creates online presence  Informative, precise and efficient! Hire me for assistance with search engine optimization solutions, copy writing,  news/business copy write ups, website and blog content articles. I will give you a combination of skill and experience to meet your needs at a pocket friendly price. Get content that creates VALUE and Return On Investment (ROI); content that combines both your technical and nontechnical perspectives to develop your business and revenue. Content writing can mean 1. Creating online informative text on services an products 2. Creating web presence to engage your prospective online visitors Content with Accurate and Timely Information!Your prospects buy when they are ready to buy and not when you need to sell. I strive to write content that sells a relationship to your prospects and make them buy your products or get your services. I am a featured expert at EzineArticles and offer the following nonexhaustive list of services1. Blogging2. Copy writing3. Content for Webs/blogs 4. Search Engine Optimization (SEO)5. Technical writing6. Academic editing/proofreadingRead More »"|"Kenya"|"Fitness Writer;Blog Writing;Copywriting;Academic Writing;Essay Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Management;English Spelling;Article Writing;Creative Writing"
""|"Hello! It is good to see you here. I love writing  it is not merely a job for me, but a passion as well. I am the asset you are looking for your content, idea, concept, news story, blog, article, web content and any other similar project. I will turn your draft into a Masterpiece. My motivation is the challenge of finishing work projects in time. I am creative and can work well under pressure to achieve personal and corporate goals. I have the drive, determination and interest to make a real success of my job.Mission: To be successful... I write content that creates online presence  Informative, precise and efficient! Hire me for assistance with search engine optimization solutions, copy writing,  news/business copy write ups, website and blog content articles. I will give you a combination of skill and experience to meet your needs at a pocket friendly price. Get content that creates VALUE and Return On Investment (ROI); content that combines both your technical and nontechnical perspectives to develop your business and revenue. Content writing can mean 1. Creating online informative text on services an products 2. Creating web presence to engage your prospective online visitors Content with Accurate and Timely Information!Your prospects buy when they are ready to buy and not when you need to sell. I strive to write content that sells a relationship to your prospects and make them buy your products or get your services. I am a featured expert at EzineArticles and offer the following nonexhaustive list of services1. Blogging2. Copy writing3. Content for Webs/blogs 4. Search Engine Optimization (SEO)5. Technical writing6. Academic editing/proofreadingRead More »"|"Kenya"|"Fitness Writer;Blog Writing;Copywriting;Academic Writing;Essay Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Management;English Spelling;Article Writing;Creative Writing"
"22"|"Experience matters. I have been working as a freelance health and medical writer for over 12 years. I am also a licensed respiratory therapist working parttime at a trauma center in California for the past 11 years. Additionally, I am a former EMT and ACE certified personal trainer. My medical background has provided me with additional insight when writing. I am happy to provide articles, web content, blog writing and press releases.  I have extensive experience writing for websites, newspapers and magazines. I have written hundreds of... As a licensed medical professional, I bring additional and relevant experience to my writing. My medical licenses includes EMT and currently I am licensed by the state of California as a respiratory therapist. I am also certified in neonatal life support and pediatric life support.  In addition to my clinical medical licenses, I am also a former licensed personal trainer by the America Council on Exercise. I started my writing career by taking a writing for publication class to fulfill my communication requirements for my B.S. degree. I wrote my first query letter to a national women's magazine. It was accepted, published, and I was hooked. Since that time, I have been published hundreds of times in print and online. I am versatile when it comes to the type of writing I have done. From medical articles, to press releases and even jingles for a local radio station in Scranton PA. When you love what you do, it hopefully shows in your commitment to do the job well. It also makes coming to work each day easy. That and the fact I have a five second commute to my desk.  I am happy to provide you with the writing you need.  Read More »"|"United States"|"Health Writing;Medical Article Writing;Content Writing;Nursing;Blog Writing;Physical Fitness;First aid;Wellness Artilces;Career Writing;Content Management;Ghostwriting;Forum Posting;Newsletter Writing;Press Release Writing;Article Writing"
"33"|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
""|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
"33"|"I am an enthusiastic and creative, research savvy writing professional.I have written scripts for advertising, drama and promotion for live theatre, television and radio. Experienced includes web copy,existing and new, blogging, creative writing, articles, and many other forms of customer focused, targeted commercial copy.  You can expect prompt and friendly communications, swift turnaround times, and a fierce dedication to originality and quality. My technique is flexible and always tailored to client requirements.ComposerOriginal..."|"Australia"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Press Release Writing;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Content Management;Musical composition;Article Writing;Blog Writing"
"25"|"Substance with Style...Ranked in the top 1% of writers on Elance...Creative copywriter with a professional background in fashion and retail... Focused on copywriting and content writing for apparel, accessories, and home decor retailers, distributors, and wholesalers.  Able to write, edit, proofread, consult, and assist with any written projects and any retail assignments.   Dedicated, creative, and professional approach to writing, editing, proofreading, and assisting small and large retail, wholesale, and distribution operations.  Fresh ideas combined with corporate experience offering the flexibility to handle small projects with tight deadlines as well as largescale, long term assignments.  Personal interests and areas of expertise include:copywritingcontent writingcreative writingfashionretailecommercestylingretail consulting  Read More »"|"United States"|"Copywriting;Content Writing;Creative Writing;English Proofreading;Editing;English;Content Management;Computer Skills;Intuit QuickBooks;Inventory Management;English Grammar;English Spelling;Product Descriptions"
"14"|"I'm committed to do MY PART in building a BETTER TRANSLATED WORLD.With over 8 years of solid translation experience in:HTML, PHP, XML, Video Content , iphone/iPad Apps, String Texts, Casino, Games, Brochures, PDFs, Engineering, Economics/Trading, Agriculture, Tourism, Business, Marketing, Books, Languages Courses, Documentaries, Insurance, Contracts & Legal Documents, Products & Services' Manuals, SEO, Copywriting, DTP ServiceI'm very active on Elance with over 150 projects completed and 172 milestones. I have feedback from 85 clients... Main Services: Translation and ProofreadingLanguage Pairs: All language pairs that include English, Brazilian Portuguese, European Portuguese, German, French and Spanish.Other Services: Copypwriting, Article Production, SEO   Preferred Software:SDL Trados Studio Starter Edition 2011SDL Trados Studio 2007 and 2009WordfastPOedit The Best SpinnerAdobe Illustrator Adobe PhotoshopAdobe InDesignAbode PremiereRead More »"|"Portugal"|"Translation English Portuguese;Translation English Brazilian Portuguese;Business Writing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Translation German English;Newsletter Writing;Translation Portuguese English;Software Documentation;User's Guide Writing;Content Management;Article Writing;HTML;Editing"
"30"|"Join more than 60 of America's biggest names in the retail, manufacturing and service industries who have entrusted their marketing copy to me. My talent is backed by more than 25 years of experience and success in the world where R.O.I. is king. It's also brought me a few Addy awards along the way. Copywriting: I'll create a voice and style that precisely targets your customer...or use the style already established for your brand.   • Product copy that converts description to reasontobuy   • Corporate identity, branding and information   • Print ads that get action   • eCommerce copy   • Businesstoconsumer and businesstobusinessEditing: My command of English spelling, punctuation, grammar and composition is superb. I'm the person who sees mistakes in just about every magazine, brochure or website I read. I'll find yours...and fix them.Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;English;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Letter Writing;Newsletter Writing;Press Release Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Content Management;Writing"
"30"|"I am a professional freelance travel writer and real estate writer with a Bachelor of Arts who has been writing for a living since 2007. Passionate about travel and all things real estate, these are the areas I have chosen to specialize in, though my creative writing skills are put to good use in many other areas too.I am always striving to produce the best quality writing that exceeds my clients' expectations and gives them exactly what they want first time. My feedback ratings speak for themselves, as does the fact that over a third of... Member of the International Travel Writers Alliance and the Federation of BC Writers.  I've been writing for a living since 2007 though my writing experience goes many years beyond this in the form of unpaid writing work, and writing for pleasure.I was born, raised and educated in England and lived there up until 2007 when I emigrated to British Columbia in Canada. Though I love going back to the UK to visit friends and family, I now consider Canada to be my home.My love for travel, along with a degree in Tourism Management, and experience working in the tourism industry, means I am first and foremost a travel writer. Travel writing is where I excel, though there are many other areas of writing in which I shine too!My other specialist subject is real estate writing, particularly for the UK and Canadian marketplace, and whether it's travel writing or real estate writing I enjoy doing it for any medium  web content, blogs, article writing, feature writing, creative writing and more.Keeping an eye on the property market in both countries is a hobby of mine, so I relish the opportunity to write on this subject at any time, injecting a great enthusiasm that some other writers just don't have.You can see some of my real estate writing work on the Canadian Renters website where I am a guest blogger: http://www.canadianrenters.ca/people/clairebolgil/, and on the real estate pages of Professors House website: http://www.professorshouse.com/yourhome/realestate/My...Read More »"|"Canada"|"Travel Writing;Real Estate Writing;Creative Writing;Content Writing;Article Writing;Copywriting;Content Management;Online Writing;Feature Writing;English;Writing;English Spelling;English Grammar;Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Blogs"
"16"|"I am a published writer specializing in sales copy, technical guides, business  reports and SEOfriendly blog posts. Fast turnaround times, with rush services available.  I am fluent in multiple sectors: sales, technical, business (commercial), and entertainment. Working with material supplied by clients or researched via credible sources, I can create the following:* Blog posts* Website copy* Brochure copy* Flyer copy* Company and entrepreneur profiles* Product manuals* Newsletters* GuidebooksI can also assist clients with transforming their written content into copy that will appeal to their intended audience. If someone wants to publish on Amazon, I will help them format their manuscript to comply with CreateSpace guidelines.Read More »"|"Canada"|"Online Writing;Report Writing;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Editorial Writing;Newsletter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing;Sales Letters;Sales Writing;Script Writing;Software Documentation;Content Management;eBooks;Content Writing"
"25"|" American English is my native language. I have written articles, blogs, and an ebook, \"Allergy Free Living\". My areas of expertise are healthcare with indepth knowledge of allergies, asthma and COPD; parenting lifestyle; and aquaponic gardening.   I also have experience writing policy and procedure.  My grammar and rhetoric skills are excellent. I know the difference between \"which\" and \"that\" and my writing style is clear and easy to read.   No matter how slick your website, you need words to communicate with your target audience.  I... I provide highquality original content for websites and content for blog posts.  I can provide you product reviews, articles, FAQs, and copy for your website that is optimized for search engines and easy to read by humans.  If you need compelling copy; I am your writer.Read More »"|"United States"|"Blog Writing;Blogging;Business Writing;Content Writing;Copy Editing;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Content Management;Writing"
"18"|"I'm an American freelance writer, SpanishEnglish translator, and social media manager currently based out of central Mexico. Travel writing with an SEO focus is my bread and butter, but I dabble in other interesting niches as well. A winner of various foreign language and academic writing awards from universities and civic organizations, I'm also certified by the University of Cambridge to teach English to speakers of other languages. I have been recommended by 100% of my Elance clients thus far, and I hope to add you to this list! I provide the following services for my clients:Spanish to English translationblog writingcopy writingarticle writingsocial media managementWhen it comes to translation, I've worked with short fiction pieces, legal documents, company websites, and nearly everything in between. I generally avoid documents related to medicine and certain scientific fieldsI simply lack the expertise to do this work properlybut most everything else is fair game. What I lack in formal certifications I make up for in real life experience. I've studied for an extended period of time in Guatemala, lived and worked for almost a year in Costa Rica, and am currently living in Mexico with my fiancée. But just because I'm familiar with Spanish the way it is actually spoken doesn't mean that I can't handle the demands of rigorous academic Spanishupon graduating from university I was one of two students in a class of several thousand to win the prestigious foreign language studies award.On the writing front, I primarily work in the travel/tourism niche. However, I have written on a wide variety of topics and am willing to consider all job types on a case to case basis. I have a very solid understanding of SEO writing best practices, and I've launched both my personal blog and clients' sites to the front page of Google for a variety of competitive keywords.As far as social media goes, I've got experience managing Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google+, Instragram, TripAdvisor, and Yelp...Read More »"|"Mexico"|"Translation English Spanish;Travel Writing;Creative Writing;Content Writing;English;Academic Writing;Spanish;Translation;Article Writing;Content Management;Blogging;Blog Writing;Research;Business Writing;Microsoft Office"
"16"|"I specialize in creating original online and offline content. From blog posts about the latest trends in real estate to academic research and writing in psychology, I can tackle just about any subject! My skills allow me to tailor the voice of my writing to the appropriate audience, making it interesting and informative regardless of the subject matter. I have completed dozens of writingrelated projects on Elance, all with excellent feedback!My background is in education and counseling, with experience at the high school and community... Being an educator and a counselor required me to have excellent written and verbal communication skills. My teaching assignments gave me strong proofreading and editing skills. My career and educational pursuits have molded me into a highly effective researcher and writer. I've used these experiences as a basis for building a robust freelance writing career.I have experience in web design and am extremely comfortable using Wordpress to manage content. I have excellent understanding of HTML and CSS as well. I am also an expert in APA rules of formatting and citation, all of which supplement my writing services quite nicely. I am highly organized. I can complete multiple complex tasks simultaneously. I am extremely detail oriented, yet learn quickly and adapt to new methods of completing tasks with ease. Creativity is one of my hallmark traits. I am extraordinarily dedicated  work on your project always comes first!What I do...*Blogging*Academic writing*Academic research*Online research*Word processing*Editing and proofreadingWho might use my services...*Businesses with blogging/content management needs*Educational companies*Counselors and others in helping professions*Academic researchers/writers*Anyone in need of a critical eye!Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Management;Blogging;Article Writing;Academic Writing;Report Writing;Editing;Microsoft Word;WordPress;Adobe Photoshop;Computer Skills"
"22"|"As a writer, I have an abundance of skills from various positions and experiences over decades. I have earned two University degrees, worked as a columnist and copyeditor for five niche, reputable magazines, written awardwinning oneact plays, several nonfiction selfhelp books, and ghostwritten others. I was an editor for closedcaptions for Disney, and wrote sitcoms for WB. Currently I work with students on the Autism Spectrum, developing curriculum and behavior programs, while writing articles and blogs (over 500 published since Jan.... Services I provide include, but are not limited to: proofreading, article writing, ghostwriting, interviewing, researching, press releases, marketing copy, website copy, blogging, essay creation, copyediting, scriptwriting, playwriting, poetry (rhyming), Tweeting, Facebook statuses, list making, clever titles, slogans, transforming technical text into readerfriendly material, Bachelor's and Master's papers, product review, film and television review, travel (hotel, food, and sightseeing) review...Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Content Writing;Copy Editing;Blog Writing;Copywriting;English;Creative Writing;Content Management;Press Release Writing;Ghostwriting;Editorial Writing;English Spelling;English Proofreading;Letter Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"35"|"Let me be your creative camelion. I can write in any voice, on any subject matter, and specifically for your demographic. I will provide the content for your creative needs. Innovative, concise, and professional work delivered quickly on time, every time. As a fulltime professional freelance writer, I incorporate my strong background in English into every project I complete. Whatever the job, I will convey your thoughts and ideas onto the screen. I will not send you a bid unless I am passionate about your project. I choose to collaborate... Simply put, I have a knack for conveying ideas, concepts, and emotions onto the page. I am passionate about telling your story. I hold a Bachelors in Literature and a Masters in Human Resource Management. I currently specialize in creative writing, copy writing, rewriting, and web content for graphic designers and photographers but my creative potential is limitless. If want a clean and fresh perspective you have found it.I will captivate your audience and make your work stand out. I will use my creative ability and experience to deliver you high quality works in quick fashion.Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Article Writing;Copy Editing;Online Writing;Proofreading;Content Management;Creative Writing"
"5"|"10 year experience, Google Page#1 Rank, SMM (Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, LinkedIn, YouTube, Pinterest, Instagram, Tumblr), SEO, Wordpress, Internet Marketing, Social Bookmarking, Link Building, Virtual Assistant, Affiliate Marketing, Traffic Generation, HTML/CSS, Content Writing, Admin support, Ad/Classified posting, Lead Generation, Blog Commenting, Forum Posting, Reviews posting etc.My Key Differentiators Are:* Double Post Graduate degrees (MBA and MSIT)* Among Top 1% SEO Expert on Elance* Among Top 10% Content Writing Expert on... I am offering the widest range of services. I know that most of the businesses came through repeated customers and through Word of Mouth advertising; therefore, I always try to keep my Quality & Customer Service at its best and without compromise to keep you selecting me repeatedly.Services, I generally offer to my valued customers are as under, contact me for any customized services you require, and I will be glad to serve you.W H A T  I  D O:`````````````````````````1. Research  writing, rewriting, review & proofread US/UK English2. WordPress blogging  technical, medical, health, IT blog writing3. Web content writing  SEO landing pages, website, sales web copy4. Copywriter  case studies, sales copy, academic writing, eBooks5. SEO Article writing  creative, technical & business plan writing6. Press Release  newsletters, press release, brochures.7. Article Submission  directory submission like Ezine, Hubpages, Squidoo, BMR posts.W R I T I N G``````````````````I have expertise writing on topics related to: Human Resources Accounting Finance Business Management Self Improvement Information TechnologyI have significant experience writing and ghostwriting the following: Scholarly articles Magazine articles Online articles Blog articles and entries Web copy Training materials Ebooks Academic Writing Article Rewriting Ghost writing Forum postings Some extent of translationSEARCH / RESEARCH / CONTENT CREATION...Read More »"|"Pakistan"|"Search Engine Optimization (SEO);Content Writing;Social Media Marketing;Online Writing;Market Research;Microsoft Word;Administrative Support;Virtual Assistant;Article Writing;Blogging;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;Content Management;Writing"
"55"|"Edward is an award winning filmmaker. He has directed feature films that have played the world over. Edward has shot video campaigns for high profile clients such as Matt Damon, Water.org, Deadline, The Collective and Google. He and his team can handle projects large and small from howto videos, short films, commercials, demo reels and music videos to feature films and everything in between.Notable Companies/People Edward Has done Work ForGoogleYoutubeWater.orgMatt DamonAl Pacino VerizonUniversalParamountWarner Brothers... Video Production from A to Z. We write, shoot and edit.(Now offering 4k Resolution video)Web videosBook TrailersFeature FilmsMusic VideosHow to Videos Crowd funding Videos Trailers Promotional Videos Product videosMuch, MUCH more...Read More »"|"United States"|"Video Editing;Video Production;Video Publishing;Videography;Final Cut Pro;Screenwriting;Camtasia;How-to;YouTube Development;Video Upload;film;Content Management"
""|"Edward is an award winning filmmaker. He has directed feature films that have played the world over. Edward has shot video campaigns for high profile clients such as Matt Damon, Water.org, Deadline, The Collective and Google. He and his team can handle projects large and small from howto videos, short films, commercials, demo reels and music videos to feature films and everything in between.Notable Companies/People Edward Has done Work ForGoogleYoutubeWater.orgMatt DamonAl Pacino VerizonUniversalParamountWarner Brothers... Video Production from A to Z. We write, shoot and edit.(Now offering 4k Resolution video)Web videosBook TrailersFeature FilmsMusic VideosHow to Videos Crowd funding Videos Trailers Promotional Videos Product videosMuch, MUCH more...Read More »"|"United States"|"Video Editing;Video Production;Video Publishing;Videography;Final Cut Pro;Screenwriting;Camtasia;How-to;YouTube Development;Video Upload;film;Content Management"
"44"|"I'm a graphic designer who has worked in this field fulltime since 2007. I spend most of my time designing logos, small marketing materials like business cards and brochures, posters, flyers, programs, newsletters, advertising and much more. My style is usually clean, fun and inviting. I'm ready to serve clients who want something welldesigned, wellwritten and welcoming!"|"United States"|"Adobe Photoshop;Adobe Illustrator;Adobe InDesign;Logo Design;Business Card Design;Brochure Design;Typography;Graphic Design;Microsoft PowerPoint;Adobe Creative Suite;Cover Design;Illustration;Page Layout;Poster Design;Content Management"
"3"|"Top quality, professional translation, proofreading and indepth editing of business and technical documentation, websites, and any other content in all its diversity of fields and areas of knowledge.Printready books translation.Conference/seminar management.Language consulting.Webdesign, localisation and programming.Attendance for talks, seminars, business contacts, tourist guiding.Tutoring in native language. Professional translators/language consultants/editors and webdesigners network with widerange languages option. We have native affiliates available 24 hours/day in the following target/source languages: English (all versions), German, French, Italian, Spanish American and European (all dialects), Portuguese, Norwegian, Swedish, Finish, Danish, Dutch;Russian, Buelorussian, Ukrainian, Moldavian, other CIS states languages (Georgian, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Kyrghiz, Kazakh, Turkmen etc.);Latin, Latvian, Estonian, Lithuanian, Polish, Rumanian, Bulgarian, Czech, Slovak, Slovenian, Bosnian, SerboCroatian, Hungarian, Albanian, Greek;Afrikaans, Hebrew, Hatian Creole, Chinese (Traditional and Simplified), Japanese, Korean, Farsi, Arabic, Afghan, Kurdish, Indonesian, Philippino, Malay, Vietnamese, Laotian.(other languages  upon demand).Quicktorespond & easytoreach. Translators/linguists/philologists, editors and webdesigners with relevant training, adequate experience and expertise to meet your very needs.Translation and proofreading/editing of business/office/technicaldocumentation, websites, materials in all the diversity of fields of knowledge.Conference/seminar management.Language consulting.Webdesign, localisation and programming.Attendance for talks, seminars, business contacts, tourist guiding.Tutoring in native language.Read More »"|"Russia"|"Editing;Microsoft Word;Linguistics;Translation;User's Guide Writing;Content Management;Word Processing;WordPerfect"
"9"|" I am a freelance translator and have 35 plus years of translating experience.My experience covers a wide scope of subjects, including construction, engineering, budgets, history, general medicine, transcribing of videos, political sciences, websites, marketing materials, user manuals and software, tourism, legal documents, resumes, contracts, invitations to bid.  My service is accurate and punctual.   I am dedicated to perform to the best of my ability and satisfaction to the client.Read More »"|"United States"|"Spanish;Translation Spanish English;Translation English Spanish;English Proofreading;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Letter Writing;Tourism;Translation;WordPerfect;English"
"22"|"I am a US based native English speaker with a BA in Communication. Prior clients have described me as \"gifted\" and \"astute,\" and noted that my use of English is \"flawless.\" I am an expert in writing Press Release, Article, Blogpost, Video Script, Web content and everything else that needs words. I can work with you to craft your message regardless of your end goal; be it Blogging,Article Writing, Press Release, Script Writing for Explainer Videos ,Content Development for a new or preexisting site, creative content for on or offline use, or virtually any other use you could have for the wellformed written word. For those looking for someone that can easily integrate into their online presence, it is worth nothing that I am also well versed in all aspects of front end web development and specialize in sites that are built on WordPress. I am interested in building longlasting mutually beneficial relationships with companies and individuals onto whose work I can make a direct impact. Let's see what we can create together!Read More »"|"United States"|"Creative Writing;Article Writing;Article Rewriting;Blog Writing;Blogging;Content Writing;Essay Writing;Online Writing;Resume Writing;WordPerfect"
"22"|"I am bilingual and I also hold TESL(Teaching English as a Second Language) certificate. I have more than 6 years of translating experiences. I also completed certification for Medical/Health interpreting 101. I’ve worked at Chanel CH as a Training Manager and also for Westin Chosun Hotel in Korea. Greater part of my job dealt with translating materials and making manuals. I have experience in translating all sorts of documents and webpages related to SEO software companies, banks, hospitals, courts, education facilities, marketing... Translation/ Proofreading / Editing / Subtitling / Interpretation / Business Research Assistance / Analysis / Training / Project Planning / ManagementField of Recent Translation: * ITInformation related to hardware and software, network, program manual, user guide, image content * Marketing & EconomyM&A material, journals, articles, company introduction, brochures, catalog, proposal, trading, business analysis, promotional material * BusinessReport data, briefing, business plan, contract, PR material, correspondence, annual board meeting of the shareholders, case study* MedicalPatient chart, medical report, treatment related to disease, medicine, documents for Ministry of Food and Drug Safety* LawTerms and conditions, contract, agreement, proceeding, motion, affidavit, legal content, regulation, will* Finance & BankingArticle, annual report, insurance, regulation, accounting document, investment report, product introduction, bank statement* EducationWorkbook for children, institute introduction, terminology, phonics* EntertainmentMovie subtitling, interview subtitling, entertainment news   * HomepageSEO software, hardware, beauty product, bank, education, travel, supplement diet, manufacture, vacation  * GeneralEssay, official document, cover letter, resume, letter of recommendation* OthersImmigration related document, employment related document, student visa related document, employment certification, certification of graduation, birth...Read More »"|"Canada"|"Translation English Korean;Korean;Translation Korean English;Translation;Word Processing;WordPerfect;English"
"21"|"I am proficient/expert with Microsoft Office, Accounting, Finances, Real Estate, Writing, and more. I am experienced with Quickbooks and Quicken, type 69 WPM, skilled in 10key with excellent accuracy, great customer service, and available to work for you. I have over 20 years experience in bookkeeping and office management, I am reliable, energetic, and loyal to a fault. You should hire me for your projects because I will work diligently and provide you with quality service.   Skills Testing  http://smarterer.com/JanaCarole This is my..."|"United States"|"Business Writing;Microsoft Word;Administrative Support;Data Entry;Accounts Payable Management;Data Analytics;Email Etiquette;Microsoft Office;Content Writing;Online Writing;Qualitative Research;WordPerfect;eBooks;Article Submission;Calendar Management"
"16"|"I am looking forward to help you especially with my computer skills. Now a days that technology is a must and a necessity.  I am knowledgeable from customer service handling to my nursing/medical expertise. My current work is a 2 days off which I am confident enough to have time with consistency and efficiency on the task given. Just let me know, I am willing to help with a great price :)"|"Saudi Arabia"|"Microsoft Excel;Microsoft PowerPoint;Computer Skills;Copy Editing;English;Nursing;Translation English Tagalog;Word Processing;WordPerfect;Writing"
"20"|"I am a perfectionist at heart. As a recipient of the Best Legal Researcher Award in the Advance Legal Writing course, I pride myself in accomplishing even the most challenging tasks. I have 10 years of experience in legal writing  (briefs, summaries and motions). I possess the drive and the expertise to deliver high quality work.  Customer's satisfaction is paramount to me, thus I hold myself to the highest professional writing and customer service standards. I am quick, detail oriented, computer and social media savvy with great... Superior Legal and Business Writing, Transcription, Multilingual Translation/Interpretation, Research and Data Accumulation, Social Media and Blogging Review, General Virtual Administrative Services.Fluent in English, French and Polish. Majored in French. Paralegal degree. Recipient of an Outstanding Legal Researcher Award in Advanced Legal Writing Course. Honor Roll: President's List (4.0 GPA). Read More »"|"United States"|"Microsoft Word;Microsoft Outlook;English;Document review;Translation English Polish;WordPerfect;Business Writing;Copy Editing;Transcription;Administrative Support"
"14"|"I have a strong creative background combined with organizational skills. I am working as Executive Administrator for a small business.. I have experience in reception work, i am an experienced appointment scheduler. I have experience in creating,  maintaining Excel database spreadsheets. I am an experienced social media page designer,administrator and blogger. I have magazine article and short story writing experience. I have an active Women's Prayer Ministry.  Also I am an active prayer intercessor. I am an educated,  experienced Executive Administrative Assistant.  I have phone calling skills, data entry using Excel spreadsheets. I can create or use existing spreadsheets. I am founder, administrator and lead prayer ministry for women. I am a trained creative writer, magazine articles and short story trained. Read More »"|"United States"|"Blog Writing;Book Writing;Communications;Content Writing;Cover Letter Writing;Creative Writing;Poetry;Teaching English;WordPerfect;Freelance Marketing"
"11"|"writes articles and blogs for the company had a good command over language, writes poems, short stories ,  beauty blogs, fashion and health articles.wrote for some magazine in gov department, wrote as a university department editor. can write short fictional stories ,horror, erotica ,romance, beauty blogs.Articles for magazines and companies. Basically from a commerce background and had a good knowledge about finance graduated from honors degree in commerce.worked with gov department for writing in english for the environment blogs , moreover did worked in the college for the department magazine and wrote over many blogs on fashion, culture, love etc.Read More »"|"India"|"Blogs;Wardrobe Styling;WordPerfect;Writing;Yoga;ebook Writing;fashion blogging;Aviation;Nutrition;Slang-style Writing"
"12"|"I am a California State University graduate (summa cum laude) with a BA in Literature & Writing Studies (Writing emphasis). I am skilled in both technical and creative writing. For the past several years, I have been working from home as a professional writer for a financial advisor. I create newsletters, employee report cards, and yearly progress/outlook reports. I also have extensive experience in formatting and editing."|"United States"|"Word Processing;WordPerfect;Writing;Yahoo! Messenger;Public Speaking;Administrative Support;Clerical Skills;Craigslist;Data Entry;Elance"
"11"|"I have over 25 years experience in Customer Service and Administrative duties. I am a fast learner and I meet deadlines. I have experience in Marketing, Sales, Posting Ads to various sites, Data Entry, and many other Admin task. I always do my best in everything I do. "|"United States"|"Microsoft PowerPoint;Photography;English;Word Processing;WordPerfect;Advertising;Classifieds Posting;Facebook Marketing;Freelance Marketing;Google Analytics"
"56"|"HIGHLY QUALIFIED:  I've been transcribing and proofreading full time since 2010.  I specialize in verbatim transcription, focus groups, meetings, conference calls,interviews,podcasts and webinars.  CAREER: I worked in book publishing administratively and later in proofreading positions. I have written for publication occasionally and have edited several authors manuscripts for/with them..  SPECIALITIES: English Accents regional and international. Vocabulary and Spelling ~ Legal, academic, and industry specific terminologies. I'm good in... Delivering professional, finished documents of interviews, speeches, panel discussions, focus groups, court proceedings, team meetings, reports, presentations, producing video transcripts with timestamps. All names, places, and terms are researched. Accurate transcripts of speeches, however technical. I am easy to work with and I'm willing to make corrections. All work is treated as confidential .Read More »"|"United States"|"Microsoft Word;English;English Spelling;English Grammar;English Punctuation;Legal Transcription;WordPerfect;Express Scribe;OpenOffice;Microsoft Excel"
"9"|"Veteran with over 20 years of various office and administrative experience.  I also have several years of customer service/retail experience, as well some call center experience. Over 20 years of clerical skills.    Over 20 years of using computers to research, compose papers, letters, and other forms of electronic communications.  Extensive experience with using a scanner to preserve photographs or upload document for online use.  Over 20 years of working jobs which require confidentiality and discretion.  Well developed oral and written communication skills.  Picks up new skills quickly.Read More »"|"United States"|"Academic Writing;Creative Writing;Editing;English;English Grammar;English Punctuation;English Spelling;Fiction Writing;Word Processing;WordPerfect"
"33"|"“Congratulations, you have just met the best copywriter on Elance, by far. Lisa is a lot of fun to work with, she goes way above and beyond. Lisa goes all in when she accepts a job, she makes sure everything is completed to utmost perfection. You will never look back.” David Elefant Elance April 2015I have over 25 years experience within the marketing and communications field, both in the UK and in South Africa. I am passionate about writing. I am a specialist in copywriting, proofreading and editing for offline and online (including... I offer the following services:CopywritingBloggingParenting writing  blogs, articles and marketing materialChildren's writing  creating activity sheets, writing children's stories and editing children's bookEditingProofreadingContent strategySocial media managementPublishingRead More »"|"South Africa"|"English;Copywriting;Editing;Content creation;Book editing;English Spelling;Creative Writing;Children's Writing;Children's books;Parenting Writing"
"38"|"Top 1% of writers on Elance. My writing experiences include a spec script for the CBS show Two and a Half Men and the new show Whitney. My business writing career has included writing for the Lance Armstrong Foundation and National Brain Tumor Society. I have worked with Elance for over 9 years and am committed to meeting my clients needs. Including creative writing, Search Engine Optimized articles, news articles, resumes, academic research papers, white papers, and word processing.  Extensive experience in travel writing throughout the... I'm here to meet all your needs and will work closely with you to ensure every detail of your project is completed exactly as requested. Read More »"|"United States"|"Business Writing;Email;English;Marketing;Public Relations;Computer Skills;Human Resource Management;Creative Writing;Article Writing;Technical Writing;Fiction Writing;Writing;Medical Writing;Children's Writing;Non-Fiction Writing"
"33"|"Bestselling author, awardwinning investigative reporter, writing coach, certified editor,and agencyrepresented children's book writer and illustrator. Member of the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators.With over 250 satisfied clients in just over a year, I've become one of Elance's most soughtafter editors. I consistently rank in the top 0.01 percent of all Writing and Translation providers (the top 25 of 271,000plus providers).I edit books using publishing industry standards: The Chicago Manual of Style 16th Edition,... An excerpt from a review I edited for a client published in the Examiner:\"The writing is crisp, clear and simple – none of that “hooptedoodle” John Steinbeck said got in the way of a story, when an author takes off into the wild blue yonder in some kind of masturbatory pursuit of his muse.\"I am not someone who hangs a shingle out on Elance and purports to be an editor. I am a certified book editor with inhouse publishing experience. I  am the editor for both NY Times and Amazon bestselling authors. I know where to place a comma, when to use were vs. was, and all the other confusing intricacies of grammar.I am the manuscript editor and proofreader for Readers' Favorite, and I proofread the HowTo Geek website. I am a multiaward winning writer, having received 45 awards in the past 23 years. My work has been published in both large and small newspapers and magazines, including Good Housekeeping, The New York Times, USA Today, the Oswego County Business Magazine, Today's CNY Woman, New York State Magistrates magazine, any many others. I am an agencyrepresented children's author and the ghostwriter of dozens of children's books. I am also an artist and illustrator. If you are seeking a professionally polished manuscript, you've come to the right place.I also write winning book proposals, having spent five years as an acquisitions editor. I know what a publisher and literary agent look for in a submission and I keep updated regularly with changes in editing...Read More »"|"United States"|"English Spelling;Children's Writing;Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing;Journalism Writing;Letter Writing;Microsoft Word;Newsletter Writing"
"40"|"Consistently ranked in the top 1% of Elance providers and skilled in writing and editing everything from news releases to newsletters, websites to articles, and marketing campaigns to speeches, I bring my diverse background of both corporate communications and nonprofit communications together to enliven your ideas and concepts. With a bachelor's degree in Journalism from Northwestern University as well as a master's in English, I have a strong command of AP style, grammar, punctuation, word flow and usage and am very efficient, creative... Currently the parttime director of marketing and communications for a local music ensemble, Megan's background includes managing the marketing and communications department for the Minneapolis Public Library as well as extensive marketing and communications experience in the financial services industry, with Wells Fargo in particular.With an undergraduate degree in Journalism from Northwestern University as well as a master's in English, Megan is comfortable with everything from highlevel business and financial writing to more creative marketing projects.Read More »"|"United States"|"English;Marketing;Public Relations;Online Writing;Creative Writing;Business Writing;Article Writing;Children's Writing;Copy Editing;English Proofreading;Feature Writing;Financial Writing;Poetry;Press Release Writing;eBooks"
"30"|"What comes with your guaranteed satisfaction?Creative and attention grabbing headings with catchy subheadings. Informative writings that are readerfriendly, and search engine friendly articles that will not ruin the point that is being made! Yes, that's what I'm going to provide you with. All writing & research materials will be submitted to the client upon completion of the project and any materials given to me, will be returned once the project has been completed.I have a degree in Journalism, major in Mass Communication, and I work... I write on many different topics and lifestyle pieces that include business, finance, sports, jewelry, green energy, healthy living, nutrition, fitness, parenting, motherhood, raising children, entertaining, staying organized, event and party planning, and meal planning just to name a few. I am a wikipedia editor and expert since 2009, and I know all of Wikipedia procedures and rules, so I always know how to improve your article. Read More »"|"United States"|"Article Writing;Blog Writing;Blogging;Business Writing;Children's Writing;Content Writing;Copy Editing;Copywriting;Creative Writing;Editing;Editorial Writing;English;English Proofreading;Writing;English Spelling"
"16"|"I have over 15 years experience as both an editor and writer for the children's sector. I have produced work for a wide range of publications and clients, including; preschool picture books, gaming guides for games such as Skylanders and numerous stories for Disney/Pixar publications amongst others. Writing for children is my passion and I would love the opportunity to work with you on your projects."|"United Kingdom"|"Creative Writing;Ghostwriting;Children's Writing"
"33"|"I'm a veteran writer with seven years of professional experience writing across a variety of contexts. I'm happy to claim that I'm ranked in the top 1% of Elance Freelancers in Writing and Translation. Science Fiction is my first love, and I have a penchant for academic writing, specializing the Greeks, Romans, and Shakespeare. I have degrees in Advanced Rhetoric/Composition and Theater. Allow me to ghostwrite your poetry, prose, or drama.If you need a writer with expertise writing on mindfulness/wellness practices such as yoga,... Clients:Coqui Prose Weekly Contributor (20142015)Windsor Mountain Summer Camp and Student Travel (20072013)Annah Brown Photography (2014)Atlanta Yoga Movement (2013present)Aspire Solutions Group (2014present)Signet Education (2014)Various SciFi ghostwriting clients (ongoing)I offer the following professional writing services:Creative Writing:Prose (specializing in Science Fiction), Poetry, PlaysArticle Writing, specializing in: Education, Arts, Health and Fitness, Mindfulness/Wellness, Yoga.General EditingArticle Writing, specializing in:Education, Arts, Health and Fitness, Mindfulness/Wellness, YogaAcademic Writing, specializing in:Greek Tragedy, Greek and Roman Rhetoric, Renaissance Rhetoric, Shakespeare, Modern US LitRead More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Online Writing;Academic Writing;Article Writing;Blog Writing;Blogging;Book Writing;Children's Writing;Communications;Editing;English;English Proofreading;English Spelling;Feature Writing;Fiction Writing"
"33"|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
""|"What can I do to help your business? I have over 20 years experience in various writing styles from article writing to website content to product reviews and extensive guides. I don't think there is a topic I haven't written about at LEAST once. :)  I love to do research and learning new things is one of the reasons I love this career so much.My style of writing ranges from creative to technical, although even with my technical writing, my aim is to draw the reader in and make every subject they are searching for information on... I am available for all types of writing work including but not limited to blog posts, articles, website content, eBooks, guides, detailed reviews, brochures, and anything else you might need written. If you have a writing job that needs to be done, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to write for you.. Read More »"|"United States"|"Content Writing;Creative Writing;Online Writing;English;Copy Editing;Article Writing;Writing;Children's Writing;Copywriting;Non-Fiction Writing;Proofreading;Reviews;Travel Writing;Content Management;Business Writing"
"44"|"Whether you need a quick wellresearched article, a corporate press release, or a children's book, I can weave the magic that will make your readers captivated and hanging on every word. Writing comes second nature to me, but so does listening. By asking the right questions when we talk or email, I'll make sure that your voice and your message come shining through my words.Information is important, but I believe that masterful storytelling is what keeps the reader engaged in your message.  Article Writing for the Consumer MarketFiction and Nonfiction Writing for ChildrenEducational Writing for Elementary, Middle School, and High School GhostwritingResearchConsulting for Writing ProjectsWriting CoachRead More »"|"United States"|"Children's Writing;Creative Writing;Publishing Fundamentals;Article Writing;Business Writing;Editing;Copywriting;English;English Punctuation;Graphic Design;Microsoft Word;Non-Fiction Writing;Fiction Writing;Content Writing;Online Writing"
